are good morning
everybody. I suppose if you're here and
I'm here, we should do something about
it. Stocks are uh up a little
bit. You will enjoy looking at your
stock portfolio if you have
one. And soon as I get my comments
going, we're going to have quite the
show. Oh yeah, it'll be epic.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time.
But if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains, all you need is a cuper mug or a
glass of tanker gels tied a canteen jug
or
flask. A vessel of any kind. Fill it
with your favorite liquid. I like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine end
of the day, the thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. And darn it, it's
going to happen right now. Go.
So
good. So, so good. So, I wonder I wonder
if there are any scientific
studies that they didn't need to do
because they could have just asked me.
Well, oh, here's one.
New York Post is reporting that
uh a study was done on magic mushrooms.
USSF did a study and they found that a
single dose of psilocybin that's the
magic mushrooms. One dose
uh can help Parkinson patients with
dramatic improved mood, motor function
and memory. And it even lasts even after
one dose.
Now, I wouldn't have known specifically
that this would work for
Parkinson's, but when was the last time
you ever saw a
study in which psychedelics were
involved and the result was it didn't
work for whatever it was. They could
test it for depression. Yep, it works.
They could test it for a variety of
mental problems. Yep, it works. They
could test it for really anything that's
happening in your brain or your
body. If you if you have a uh what would
you call it? Not a drug exactly, but if
you have something you can take that
works every single time you test it, it
doesn't even matter what you're testing
it on and there's basically no downside
whatsoever. I would have guessed
accurately that it would have been good
for Parkinson's patients without any
knowledge whatsoever. I would have just
said, "Well, does it work for everything
else you test it for?" All right,
probably it'll work for the next thing,
too. All right, here's
one. This one's so dumb, it's just
funny.
uh the there's a Norwegian University of
Science and Technology and they found
out that the uh children who have
increased physical activity
um have a lower risk of developing
symptoms of
depression. Is that how many times are
they going to do that study? Well, let's
do it in Norway. All right, let's study
13 to 15 year olds. Okay, how about 15
to 17 year olds? It's all the same.
Physical physical activity is good for
your brain just like
psilocybin. You could have just asked
Scott. All right, here's one. I would
have gotten this one right, too.
It turns out that you if you compare and
the University of Basque country did
this. I don't know who they are but they
did a study and they found that children
who learn to write you know actually
physically write with their hand uh uh
they develop better reading and writing
well better reading skills I guess. Now
would you have known that? I would have
known that because how many times have I
taught you that your entire body is your
brain? When I studied for tests, you
know, back when I was a student, uh, one
of my tricks was to get as many of my
senses involved. So if I were trying to
memorize something, I would definitely
write it down and then I would draw a
picture of it and then I would hum
it and then maybe I would chant it like
I'd say, you know, and the west was
settled in the year blah blah blah blah
blah. And if I could have smelled it or
heard it or gotten any other senses
involved, I would have done it. Now, you
can't really smell history or or math,
but the idea is the more parts of your
body that get
involved, the more learning because your
entire body is part of your memory
system. it is that if if you can get
something into your head through all
five of your senses, it'll stay there.
If you get it into your head through one
of your senses, let's say just reading
it on a page, it might stay there, but
it's not going to be nearly as sticky.
So, the more your body that gets
involved, you could dance it, you could
sing it, you can chant it, you can write
it down. children. This is a great study
trick. I would have gotten that one
right. All right, here's a story
Business Insider is writing that uh the
US Army plans to flood its forces with
drones. So, every division of the army
is going to have all kinds of drones. uh
you got drones here and drones there and
they'll they'll probably have fewer
aircraft and ground vehicles, but boy
they're going to have drones. Now, my
big question was, wasn't it
just a few years ago where the common
wisdom is America couldn't make drones
and that only China had all the parts
and the knowhow to make drones, at least
make drones at an economical way. But
apparently the
US has quietly developed quite the drone
making
industry. But we don't really know who
they are or you know we we know about
Anderil but you know that's a bigger
enterprise. They do lots of different
products but there must be a bunch of
other ones. Someone else who I guess was
involved in one of these drone companies
uh confirmed that you know they're
making drones and lots of others are
making them. So I guess the uh problem
of making drones in the United States
has been solved which is a really big
deal. Now probably they're not coste
effective for
consumers but they're being made for the
military. Now, if you build a big
factory that's, you know, ultimately
automated and it's got robot arms and
stuff and it can make drones, probably
the price is going to come down and
probably they'll be consumer, you know,
consumer products, too. So, the United
States is finally
um getting competitive in drone making.
So, that's good news.
Um, did you know that because the anti-
drone technology is getting really good
and again Anderell is a company that can
knock down drones with a a man portable
device. Apparently the Russians in their
war with Ukraine are starting to use
drones that are on fiber optic
cables. Now, does that seem like
something that could
work if you use your common sense? Do
you think that a drone that has to be
physically connected to the operator
with a very long fiber optic
cable? How much distance are you going
to get on that? Well, it turns out I
asked that same question of somebody who
knows a lot about drones and uh
apparently the Russians can get these
fiber optic driven drones. They can't be
they can't be knocked down with a a
electronic attack. Um they can go from 5
to 12 miles.
Does that even seem possible to you that
this this little fiber optic cable could
stretch for 5 to 12 miles and then they
could just rewind it, use it again? It
anti-tank missiles are wired, somebody
saying. So, I had no idea that you could
get that kind of distance. Um, but they
don't have too many of them because it's
very hard to make the the spools and the
cable that's strong enough. And you
know, so the the war of anti- drone
versus drone anti-anti drone anti-anti
anti- drone is is in full blast. But
apparently these fiber optic cable
drones are a thing and they they would
operate with visual commands. So the
operator would just be seeing through
the drone. So there's no satellite
connection and the electronic counter
means would be useless against
them. I'm sure that'll change fast,
too. Well, there is a big uh revolution
in AI that if you don't follow AI, you
wouldn't know. But the problem with AI,
maybe it wasn't a problem, maybe it was
the right thing for the right time, was
we've all been watching AI develop, but
it wasn't really connected to any of
your real work. It could write some
code, but it was still up to you to take
that code and figure out how to make
your computer recognize it and use it.
So in other words, the there was almost
like a wall between what the AI could do
and what your other apps would
do. But that's coming down quickly. I
think because the AI is more capable. So
here's another example. Um the AI called
Claude
uh can now look at your files according
to Techrunch. So, it can look at your
files, it can look at other files, it
can activate your PayPal and your Zapier
and your
Atlassian, and it can do stuff like uh
summarize tasks or automate your boring
work. In other words, it can connect to
the other stuff on your computer with
permission and do stuff. So, it could
send stuff, activate stuff, use your
other apps. And we saw that Visa, the
Visa, you know, payment company was also
talking about making Visa available to
AI so AI could operate it. And we're
seeing a lot of uh what we what you call
agentic apps. I heard that word uh
yesterday. I decided I was going to use
it. Agentic. So an agent would be like a
little fake AI personality where you can
just tell it what to do. So that's the
next level. You know, instead of simply
knowing what to do and being able to
write prompts and make it do something,
you'll just have a person and you'll
say, "Hey, could you look through my
files and find that thing?" And then
write up a little summary about that
thing and then send an email out to
these four people. and it would just do
it and maybe check with you, but it
could just do it. So, if you look at all
the AIS now becoming at least capable of
connecting to your other apps,
uh this is where we give up all
control. I got to tell you that I'm
having mixed emotions about it. One of
my emotions is, are you kidding? I could
automate my entire
operation because there's a whole bunch
of things that I do that are just
purely, you know, idiot work. I just
have to do it over and over again that I
would love to be able to tell an AI to
just go do such as publishing my Dilbert
comic every day. It knows where the
comic is. It's always in the same
folder. And it knows what it has to look
like and where it needs to be published.
I should be able to just tell Claude to
go publish it and not even tell it. You
could just do it automatically every
morning looking through my files. So,
I'm very tempted. But on the other hand,
I can't even imagine allowing AI access
to my any of my
financials. So, I'm probably I would
probably want to keep up some kind of a
wall. So, I might say, for example, all
right, you could have access to my
PayPal, but not my bank
account. Uh, you could have access to my
credit card that has a low
limit, but not my one that has a high
limit. So, I I feel like I wouldn't
totally trust it. Um, nor should
you. Well, according to uh
Lutnik, um I guess he made a claim on
CNBC that uh Apple was only waiting for
some robotic arms to be able to make
iPhones in America because, you know,
the labor costs are different. But do
you believe that? Do you believe that uh
Tim Cook of Apple uh the only thing
that's preventing them from building a
um significant iPhone manufacturing
capability in the United States is that
they don't yet have robotic
arms. And you know what my first
question about that would
be? Uh who makes the robotic
arms? Would it
be
China? Is it possible that we're waiting
for China to deliver the robotic arms so
he can make his stuff not in
China? I don't know if that's the case,
but who else makes robotic arms? If they
were made in the United
States, I don't know. Are are we at
capacity? We we can't spare a few
robotic arms for
Apple. It seems like it seems like if
they were made domestically, he would
already be building the factory and
anticipation of you know if it takes a
year they can make a few robotic arms
for the factory. So it might be China.
So that part of I'm just guessing,
speculating, but uh maybe South Korea,
you think? Maybe South Korea could
be. Well, you probably all saw the story
that uh Mike Waltz was promoted
fired, which is such such a perfect
Trumpian thing to do. So, I guess Trump
didn't want external forces to make him
fire Mike Waltz, but the uh the cry for
his termination was was going. He was
the US national security adviser, but he
also was accused of some mistakes in
Signal Gate and and uh Trump presumably,
we can't read his mind, but these smart
people say Trump just didn't want to,
you know, give up the the the W.
So instead of firing and firing him, he
does remove him from the office, but
hours later, Trump announced that he was
going to nominate him to be the UN
ambassador, a role requiring Senate
confirmation. Now, I'm going to tell you
a story from my college experience
because it's the only other time I've
ever seen this happen. So, he got fired
into a promotion. You know, some are
saying that's a better job, the UN
ambassador. I don't know if that's true,
but let me tell you something from my
college
experience. I'll make it fast. Um,
before I was a trained hypnotist and
before I had, you know, learned
persuasion, I still thought I was kind
of persuasive, but only in sort of an
arguing way. You know, sort of a good
debater. I didn't really have the skills
that I developed over a lifetime. But
even in
college, I I knew I was more persuasive
than the average person. So, one of the
one of the uh side jobs I had in college
was I had volunteered to be the finance
guy because I was an economics major,
the finance guy for the only uh business
that operated, student business that
operated on campus. We had something
called the coffee house which is where
we served uh beer and peanuts and we'd
have live entertainment. It was sort of
the only place on campus you could go
and sit down and you know buy a beverage
and stuff like that. Uh now this place
had never made money. So somehow it was
a monopoly on campus and it was usually
full and somehow it didn't make money.
So, as the finance guy, and they'd never
had a finance guy, I went in and
implemented some accounting and some
accountability and negotiated with some
vendors and made it
profitable. So, the first thing that
happened was uh I won full Doge on it
before Doge was a thing and it worked
because it just needed a little tweaking
and then the the college didn't have to
supplement it, which it had been. So if
you do something that works and people
see it and it's visible, you get all
this
credibility. So because the other people
on the committee, it was all stu
studentr run. There were no outside
people, just students running the thing.
Um if you make something work, you
become more credible. Now, one of the
things I did was um one of my good
friends wanted a job as a bartender and
I recommended him and because I was, you
know, a member of the working committee
that ran the place, my recommendation
carried some weight. Now, unfortunately,
he was very bad at his
job. He's a very capable person, but you
know, not everybody can do every kind of
job. So he was just sort of not good as
a bartender would come in late after
basketball practice and you know he'd be
too tired and you know he just wasn't up
for
it. So one day the people who ran the
coffee house uh we had a meeting and
there were two major things on the
agenda. Number one was we needed to
elect a leader for our own committee.
The people who ran the coffee house. We
we had lost our leader. So, we needed a
new leader. The other thing that was on
the agenda was the proposition of firing
my friend, the
bartender. So, I decided that I wanted
to see if I could get my friend promote
fired. Fired as a bartender, but hired
as all of our
bosses.
Now, do you think I pulled that off?
Do you think I do you think I pulled off
getting my friend fired for being a bad
bartender and
simultaneously hired to be the person
who would be all of our bosses? So we
would fire him and make him our boss at
the same time. That's what I So I
actually said, you
know, the skills that are required to be
a bartender are very different from the
skills to be a leader. And people looked
at me and they said, "Well, okay. I
mean, I suppose that's
true." And I went on and by the time I
was done, we fired my friend, the
bartender, and made him our
[Laughter]
leader. But when I say leader, I might
mean puppet because he was my friend.
And if I had anything that I really
needed to get done, I would just I would
just bring it up with him and he would
bring it up with the committee and we
would get it done. So none of it was
evil. He was actually a very good
leader. He turned out to be great. He
did a good job as a leader. But it's the
only other time I've seen somebody
promote
fired. And and I got to tell you that
that was the that was about the time I
realized that my ability to persuade
wasn't
normal cuz I walked out of that
thinking, did that really happen? Did
did I actually pull that
off? And then later that same friend and
I and and a third friend we we uh
recommended to the administration of the
college that the three of us should be
in charge of our dormatory and that we
should get a salary and each of us
should get a private room. Now, if you
know what a private dorm room is worth
in a in a college where not many private
rooms existed, you you would know you
know what what kind of a reach that was.
And we actually pulled that off. We
actually convinced the administration to
fire or not hire again. I guess the
professional uh guy who lived in the
dorm just to make sure that we're you
know that we were in line and we
convinced the administration to put us
in charge and to pay us a salary and to
give us private
rooms. And how did we do? Great. It it
became it became a model for the rest of
the college because we ran the thing
really well. So it turns out that I made
a bunch of
promises, but we actually delivered. You
know, we we had, you know, lower
expenses and basically were really
successful. So long before I entered
this domain,
um I was aware that I had unusual powers
of
persuasion and I didn't know what the
limit was and I still don't. and and
either do you. All right. Uh apparently
the FBI assistant uh or special agent
guy named Elvis Chan who had been uh
apparently the main censorship leazison
between the FBI's well between the FBI
and social media during the 2020
election. As you know, the um the FBI
tried to suppress things on social media
and he was the main guy and he's been
placed on terminal leave. So the Trump
administration continues their purge of
people who are sensors or in their view
bad actors in the
past. Um here's no surprise. A federal
judge ruled that the Alien Enemies Act,
the one that Trump is using to deport
the Venezuelan gangs, um does not
apply. And so therefore, Trump cannot
deport the Venezuelan gang members using
the enemies, the alien enemies act. Now
the argument is that they don't meet the
definition and this judge in u this
judge said that it must involve an
organized armed force entering the
United States to engage in conduct
destructive of property and human life
in a specific geographic
area. So that's a judge Fernando
Rodriguez Jr. He's actually a Trump
appointee, but he says the uh the rarely
used law because it's very very old law,
can only be invoked when a quote
organized armed force is entering the
United States.
Now, to me, it seems like these
Venezuelans, at least we've been told by
our administration, are organized and
are sent by
Venezuela with the express purpose of
messing up the United States. So, to me,
it meets the
definition. And I also think that the
commander-in-chief is the one who should
decide if it meets the definition. I
don't feel like the courts should even
make that
decision. Um, it just feels like it's
shouldn't be their domain. Maybe it is,
but if you have a commander-in-chief
whose job it is to protect the country,
and we allow the commander-in-chief to
have a pretty wide latitude because you
don't want them to be handcuffed by
process if they're trying to protect the
country, I just feel like I would give
the nod to the commander-in-chief on
this one. So, we'll see what happens
with it. The ACLU was, you know, arguing
that it should not be not be the law.
Now, what would be the alternative if we
don't deport
them? That wouldn't stop us from
arresting them, right? So, would we just
have to build some kind of um El
Salvador like facility for jailing them?
So, it just seems like it's going to be
expensive
and and what are we going to do? Leave
them there
forever? Uh because they're they're
still going to be
non-citizens. And if we can't deport
them, what do you do with them? Put them
in our American jail just
forever because they're still
non-citizens and they're still, you
know, have a criminal
connection. Maybe GMO. Somebody says
GMO. I don't know. I don't I don't know
what the alternative is. We'll
see. Well, I think this is funny. The
CIA is uh saying publicly that they've
got some videos that are uh in Mandarin
and they're aimed at recruiting Chinese
officials.
Uh and John Ratcliffe of the CIA says
one of the primary roles of the CIA is
to collect intelligence by recruiting
assets that can help us steal secrets.
Now, isn't it funny that we say that out
loud? Hey, China, we want to recruit
some of your citizens. Uh, here's a
video. And when they become traders to
your country, uh, we're going to have
them steal your secrets and give them to
us. Now, it's not like we don't know
this goes on, right? Obviously, China
has a zillion spies in the United
States. Obviously, even our allies have
spies in the United States. Obviously,
the United States has spies in every
country we can put a spy in. But it's
it's something hilarious about just
saying it out
loud that we can just say, "Oh, by the
way, China, uh, we're trying to recruit
some of your officials.
uh we'd like to get our spy numbers up.
So, we'll be offering them excellent
deals and retirement packages, but uh
yeah, we'll be uh recruiting your people
as our
spies. Now, it makes me
wonder, is the real play to get extra
spies, which you know, maybe partly
that's the real play, or is it to make
China doubt their own uh their own uh
cohorts in government? Cuz I love the
fact that if China saw we were making a
big push, then everything that the other
leaders were doing would start looking
suspicious.
So what this does is this is a
persuasion play as well as a uh
recruiting play. The persuasion would be
if you put in China's
head that we're actively recruiting,
then anything that another Chinese
leader says that isn't exactly what you
want them to say, you're going to say to
yourself,
"Huh, I
wonder I wonder if that one got promoted
or got recruited." H I don't know.
You're acting a little bit suspicious.
Why is it you need access to this
information? Oh, well, under normal
under normal times, it would be normal
for somebody to say, I need some access
to some confidential information to do
my job.
But if you were if it were in your
head that America was recruiting more
spies and then your your fellow leader
said, "Oh, can I have access to that
private information?" You'd say to
yourself,
"W why do you need that?" So I think
it's very clever in making the Chinese
leadership doubt other Chinese
leadership. So that's kind of clever.
Well, we heard from uh I guess Susie
Wilds,
uh chief of staff for Trump, that Elon
Musk is no longer physically in any kind
of office in the West Wing. He's doing
things remotely by phone. He's still
involved
um but uh to a lesser extent and
obviously he's going to be paying more
attention to his businesses. But, uh,
Jesse Waters met with the Doge team and,
uh, they did make some news, but I'm not
going to report any of it. Um, as you
know, I've made the mistake of repeating
what Doge has claimed in the past, and I
got bidden every
time. So, they they have some
provocative claims that, if they were
true, would be pretty newsworthy.
But since I can't tell what's true and
you know and Doge has overclaimed or and
left out context and in some cases just
been maybe wrong about what something
meant. I do believe that they they're
honest in the sense that they don't say
stuff unless they think it's true. I
don't think they necessarily get
everything right. So I'm not even going
to report, you know, the provocative
claims of the things they say. I do
think that
directionally Doge is
good and uh I don't think it came
anywhere near its you know it's uh own
stated goal of finding a trillion or or
so and I'm not even sure if the 160
billion they claim will actually prove
out but here's what I think is the
biggest benefit of
Doge. It made Doge a thing.
Um, now when people in the states
realize that they need to get their
budgets under control, they use the
word, they say, "We need a Doge." And
what they mean is it can't be the usual
people in government. It probably needs
to be some kind of independent people
brought in who can audit things and
maybe improve things technically.
So to
the to the if I were if I were going to
uh evaluate Doge on meeting their let's
say their own goals, I would say doesn't
look like they
did. But if I were to evaluate them on
their long-term impact on the country,
it might be one of the best thing that's
ever happened.
meaning that we now understand that do
the Doge is completely
necessary and needs to be permanent. In
other words, there just needs to be some
smart people really paying attention so
that all our money is not being stolen.
So, the idea of Doge looks like it's
going to live on forever and it's got a
it's got a word, you know, once you've
got a word associated with it. And so, I
think that they're that they're honest.
I think they're
well-meaning. I think directionally it's
all correct. Um, and it might take
longer to get the kind of benefits that
they wanted from it, but it's all good.
I just don't believe any specific
claims, so I'm not even going to repeat
them.
Well, meanwhile, Tulsa Gabbard,
according to Just the News, she's uh
closed an office she claimed acted as as
a quote slush fund for DEI. What was the
name of that office? It was the
Intelligence Community Human Capital
Office. So, she shut the whole thing
down and it will save taxpayers $150
million. And she said it was a slush
fund for DEI.
Now I on one hand there's so many
reports of a DEI thing being made
illegal, a DEI thing being threatened, a
DEI thing being closed down. I'm not
sure I believe any of
it because it looks like they're just
trying to go dormant until another
Democrat gets in power and then it will
just go bing. Hey, surprise. It was
always here. we just used a different
name to call it by.
So there will be a few situations like
the Tulsi Gabard one where they close
the entire office that might work. So,
so that might be a case where they did
in fact reduce some DEI. But with all
the colleges and the big corporations
and you know all the various little
entities of government that are trying
to be part of the resistance instead of
the
administration, I feel like they're just
going to hide all this stuff with secret
names and change the you just change the
look of it until they get power back and
it will just completely come back. So, I
don't know that it can be killed e even
though it's being treated as
unconstitutional and illegal by the
current administration. All it's going
to take is the next administration to
say, "Oh, no. Actually, it's completely
legal and everybody should be doing it,
so we're going to do it like crazy." So,
I don't know about that. But here's some
good news. Um Joe Ha is writing about
this.
Mercedes says they're going to shift
more vehicle production to the US. Now,
that would be in response to the tariff
threats. Um, but they're not the only
ones. So, here's a list, I guess,
according to the administration of other
automakers who are looking to move more
production to the US. So, you got BMW is
thinking about adding more production in
South Carolina. You got
Honda plans to shift production um from
Japan to the US, you know, some
production. So, all of these are
partials. Hyundai is going to do some
big investment in the US. Kia plans to
produce uh hybrid vehicles in Georgia.
Nissan is considering moving production
from Mexico to the US. Stalantis, I
don't know who that is, says it will
reopen its Belvadier, Illinois plant for
midsize trucks. And Toyota said it will
boost hybrid vehicle production at its
West Virginia plant. Now, those seem
like pretty big
accomplishments, but it gets better.
So now you have to be careful about
whether all these news reports are
exactly true, but it's starting to look
like Trump is getting big wins in the
automotive industry and those would be
good jobs. So that would look like a
win. But uh Tim Cook um is reportedly
excited according to
9to5Mac, whoever they are, um that TSMC,
the big uh chip making company that's
based in Taiwan,
um is is going to break ground on their
third US chip plants. So that would mean
that they're building three of them
because I don't think any of them are
complete. So that would mean they're
building three US chip
plants. And Apple's Tim Cook says he's
excited to be the first customer of the
Arizona chip plant. Now let's say this
is true, too. This would be really And
then we heard about Nvidia. You you know
making sure it's going to do a gigantic
um increase in capital expenditure in
the United States to make their stuff.
So, is this is this really
happening? Is Trump actually
successfully bringing the automotive
industry back to the US? Because it
looks like it, at least to some degree,
at the same time that the biggest, most
important chip companies are wildly
building
um building production in the United
States because it looks like
it. This is very impressive.
This is very
impressive. Um, and we'll talk about
China and the tariffs a little bit in a
little bit, but you know, you you saw
that the stock market is up
today. There are reasons for that. If if
Trump gets this to work against, you
know, all the experts recommendations
that trade wars are always bad and
tariffs are always bad and there's no
exception. It's going to be one of the
greatest accomplishments of any
president ever. Now, it's too early,
much too early. So, I'm not going to
declare that it's working, but
boy, it looks like it's working. And I
don't say that easily because I I would
have been a, you know, wait and see.
You're not going to know anything for 2
years, but it kind of looks like it's
working already, and that would surprise
the hell out of
me. The the rate of it working would
surprise me. Not not that it worked. Um,
meanwhile, Trump has uh he's trying to
cut funding on NPR and PBS. Now, you
should know that that doesn't close them
down, but it will put them under
pressure. Um, because a lot of that
federal funding would go to the local uh
and urban
stations and then some of that money
would flow back to the the national
ones. So, they may have, you know, they
might have to downsize a little bit and
maybe some local stations won't operate,
but for the most part, they'll they'll
stay in business because most of their
funding is from private donations. And
if it goes the way things usually go,
the the Democrats will just donate more
money so they don't go out of business.
So, but I am happy that the government
is not funding a biased news entity. So
that that would be a and there's also uh
Congress would need to approve the cuts
and there could be legal challenges. So
it doesn't even mean that their funding
is going to be cut because you know
there's going to be legal challenges and
they're just going to shop for some
judge that will say anything about
anything and uh at the very least
they'll have to probably fight it to a
higher court.
Trump also says he wants to take away
the uh the taxexempt status from
Harvard and the reason giving is that
they are racists and they're violating
civil rights basically because their DEI
and hiring preferences etc.
So, I don't know. This feels
right. If if Harvard absolutely wants to
continue violating the Constitution by,
you know, favoring one race over
another,
etc. I don't want them to be tax
exempt. Uh maybe you can do things
privately illegal, but why would we keep
giving you money? So I understand that
they you know do super valuable things
for research etc. But why does all of
our research have to go through
universities? Is that necessary? M maybe
what we really need is that our research
facilities are no longer connected to a
university because you know what happens
if you give a if you give a million
dollars to
Harvard? How much of it actually goes to
the scientist?
Not much actually. Most of it will go to
the overhead for the college. Uh so
don't you think we just need to
completely
retool where we're giving money for
scientific
research? I feel like there's a much
less expensive, more effective way to do
it than than to have it couched in some
racist
college. So maybe that'll turn into
something good.
So, I'm going to mention this probably
more than once. I've already said
it, but I'm still laughing at the at
Chuck Schumer doing a public event that
was built entirely around pointing out
how Trump's uh approval ratings have
dropped. So, that was the whole point.
Trump's approval ratings on polls have
dropped. And then one of the reporters
called out and mentioned that Schumer's
own polls are even worse than
Trump's. And Schumer says, "Well, polls
come and
go." So with one question, they they
they got Schumer to completely debunk
his own point that the polls were
telling you something useful. as soon as
it was about him, he's like, "Well,
polls come and
go." Now, on one hand, it's a funny
story about uh an elderly Democrat
leader who was just a clown and, you
know, was completely outmatched by one
question. One question just destroyed
his whole his whole thing. But there's a
bigger thing going on. I I think the
biggest gaslighting that's happening
right now is the idea that the polls are
driven by public
opinion because that's what you think it
is, right? The the pollsters ask ask the
voters, "What's your opinion?" And then
they give us the result. Well, I was
listening to Victor Davis Hansen explain
that some of these recent uh decreases
in Trump's polls are because the
pollsters simply didn't ask many Trump
voters the
question. So instead of instead of
asking uh let's say half of the people
who are Trump supporters and let's say
half who are not, what do you think of
Trump? because that would match the
actual vote, right? Because the vote is
usually, you know, almost a tie. So, if
you wanted a good poll, you'd want to
talk to about half of the people who
voted for Trump and half of the people
who didn't. And then that would tell you
something. But if you favor the people
who didn't vote for Trump and you say,
"What do you think about his approval?"
They and they say, "Not so much." You
haven't really measured the
public. What you've done is you have a
fake poll which is done for completely
political reasons to move the public.
But beyond
that, where does the public get its
information? It gets its information
from the fake news for the most part.
It's not like people are doing their own
deep dive and doing their own
investigation. They're doing what the
media tells. They're basically just
paring the media. Have you seen the
people on the street when they do the
street interviews and somebody will say,
"What do you think about Trump?" And
they'll say, "Well, too much chaos and
he should use a scalpel instead of and
Doge should use a scalpel instead of a
chainsaw." Where do you think they get
those buzzwords? They didn't do their
own deep dive and come up with the same
buzzwords. They're literally reporting
what they heard on the news, which we
know is fake news. So, you got your fake
news that's come up with this trick. I
don't know how long they've been doing
it, but they're doing it now. Where they
pretend that the public makes up its own
mind. The public doesn't make up its own
mind. It makes up its mind based on what
the media told it. So, if the media has
collectively decided to say chaos a
million times and scalpel a million
times, what do you think the voters that
they talk to are going to say? Well, the
Trump voters are still going to favor
Trump. The polls show that. But what
about the other people who are over
sampled? The oversampled people are just
going to repeat what they heard on MSNBC
and CNN. Oh, they didn't use a scalpel
and there's so much chaos. Can you give
me an example of the chaos?
Well, they didn't use a scalpel. Okay.
Well, we talked about the scalpel thing,
but what what would be the chaos? Well,
uh, all the tariffs seem to be seem to
be moving and and, uh, they're
complicated and and they keep changing.
And then you would say, you mean exactly
like Trump tells you he always
negotiates where he brings great
uncertainty into a situation until
people are begging for certainty and
then he negotiates and gets what he
wants? You mean that is that the chaos
you're talking about? Oh no. On MSNBC
they said it was all bad. It must be bad
chaos. There's nothing
like public opinion happening here.
there is just brainwashing and then the
media looks at the pollsters and go
check to see if our brainwashing is
working and it does work because they're
using Nazi
technique. The Nazi technique is you
tell a big lie and then you report you
repeat it endlessly to the media that
you
control. That's what we're watching.
watch. You're watching Nazi technique
that the Democrats use very successfully
and then they they launder it through
polls. So, it looks like people made up
their own minds. It's the greatest
gaslighting that's happening right now
and I'm impressed as hell. Meanwhile, I
always tell you about the designated
liars, the uh DDLs, the Democrat
designated liars. So, uh, Swallwell is
one, Jaime Rascin is another, Adam
Schiff is another. There there there's a
certain set of Democrats who will tell
the big lie that is sort of part of the
the Nazi propaganda that regular
Democrats won't do. So, your your normal
Democrats will just sort of stay out of
the news, but the ones who want to be in
the news, they will tell any lie. So,
they're the ones saying, "Uh, Trump
wants to cut your social security."
There's literally no evidence of that,
and there's plenty of evidence that he
says, "Absolutely not. I won't do that."
But the designated liars will say it,
and people will believe it. It's part of
the the Nazi propaganda that they
use. Well, here's one that Eric
Swallwell is trying to push. So despite
all of the election denial stuff that's
happened over 2020, Swallwell was on
some kind of podcast with some leftist
and uh it was it was uh there was an
allegation brought up um that enemies of
the US stole US data and that somehow
Elon Musk's Starlink was
involved. Now, what evidence is there
that Starlink was involved in any of the
election stuff? And certainly, you know,
what evidence was involved that if they
were involved, I don't even think they
were involved in any elections. U
they're not part of the election system
as far as I know. Um, and what evidence
would there be that they somehow were
participated in helping Russia get
election data? I mean, it's just a
ridiculous accusation. So, what does
Swallwell
say? Um, he goes, "Elon Musk has done
nothing in the last five months to make
me think that we shouldn't ask questions
about what the hell he was doing in
2024." In other
words, Swallwell, the one of the
Democrat designated
liars, wants you to believe that the
2020 election might have been rigged by
Elon Musk.
it meaning technically rigged, you know,
not just that he participated and that
he funded stuff and, you know, he was
effective in the campaign. They don't
like that. But how shameless do you have
to be to say something like this? Well,
you know, we can't rule it
out. They certainly ruled it out in
2020. So, are we to believe that the
election systems are that
vulnerable? If we if we are to believe
that they're that vulnerable, then
wouldn't they also have been vulnerable
in 2020? Or did they only become
vulnerable when Trump
won? Just insane lies coming out of the
designated liars.
Well, meanwhile, according to the AP,
you know, that 60 Minutes report that
caused Trump to sue uh CBS, and it's the
one where Kla Harris uh was being
interviewed, and it was at least one
edit that allegedly made her answer look
more coherent than it really was. And
that's part of what Trump is suing over.
And apparently that report, that segment
of CB of uh 60 Minutes is nominated for
an Emmy
[Laughter]
award. It's nominated for an Emmy award.
Now, that is just the
classic Democrat thing because remember
the Russia collusion hoax? It it won uh
it won Puliter Prizers for some of the
writers, the the people who were pushing
the biggest hoax this country has ever
has ever experienced. Probably the
biggest one got a Pulitzer and now the
uh the
fake and now the 60 Minutes thing that
will probably end up in a win for Trump.
So Trump will probably get a big
paycheck out of that.
[Music]
Uh the they nominated for an Emmy award.
Oh, that's
funny. Well, Tom Hman
uh says that they've already rescued
5,000 children and of the 300,000
migrant children who went missing or
were trafficked, they claim under the
Biden administration. So, I don't think
it's disputed that 300 children came
through and we don't know what happened
to them. So, that's what
uh that I think that's what uh RFK Jr.
was referring to when saying that the
United States was complicit in child
trafficking is that we allowed 300,000
kids to come through without really
checking where they were going or who
was who they were with. uh at least
Jackie enough. And so 5,000 of them had
been rescued and
uh at least some of them were in forced
labor. What kind of forced labor do you
think that
was? Cuz you know, I've never met
anybody who was in forced labor in the
United States. So there's probably some
enormous
underground, you know, thing going on.
But, you know, I don't have any contact
with it. Thank
God. Anyway, according to Just the News,
the House Judiciary Committee that's
working on the current write up of the
2025 budget proposal, um, it looks like
they're going to put a cover charge on
entering the United States.
And I always I always used to joke about
this that uh entering the United States
should have a cover charge and maybe a
two drink minimum. But uh here's what
they're they're proposing or at least
they're noodling on. We don't know if
this will become an actual proposal yet,
but that asylum seekers and paroleies
would pay a $1,000 minimum fee if you're
an asylum seeker.
Now, how many asylum seekers could
afford
$1,000? So, I assume this would be a way
to reduce the number of asylum
seekers. Um, and then migrants
requesting temporary protected status,
and I don't know how that's different
from an asylum seeker, but let's say it
is, would have to pay
$500. Sponsors of unaccompanied migrant
children would be charged
$3500. Now, I assume that would also
include us vetting them to make sure
that the children don't get trafficked.
Um, and then many work permit
applications would also have a $550 fee.
So, I I like the general idea of
charging people to come into the
country. I don't know if these are
specifically the best ideas. According
to the postmillennial, the Texas state
house
uh is passing a bill banning political
memes with fines of up to one year in
jail. Now, when I first read that, um I
was kind of dealing with the at the
headline level and I thought, are you
kidding me? You could go to jail for a
year for a
meme? But it turns out this would be
limited to the paid political
advertisers. So, in other words, if you
were running a an
ad, yeah, if you were running an ad on
TV, for example, and it was a paid
political ad, uh you couldn't use uh AI
to make it look like the your opponent
did something that they didn't do. It
would not apply to you and I making a
comic and putting it on social media.
So, it's not that different than
requiring some kind of, you know,
honesty in political ads. But my
question is this. When has there ever
been an honest political
ad? I thought that political ads were
always lies, no matter who did
them. Isn't that your experience? That
political ads are always lies.
How in the world do you distinguish
between a meme, which would be a
political lie if it were showing
something that didn't really happen in
real life, versus them
claiming, let's say, that Trump is going
to cut your social
security? Do you think there are any
political ads that are going to say
Trump is going to cut your health care
and your social security, which as far
as I know will not happen. It's not
true. Would you go to jail for a year
for claiming that he will? Or is that
just an
opinion? Whereas if you had some AI and
the AI looked like Trump saying
something that he didn't really say,
would you go to jail potentially for a
year because the AI is more persuasive
than simply saying he said
it? I don't know. I got a lot of
questions. So, I'm not comfortable with
this, but at least it's limited to paid
political ads.
Well, uh, I saw Tucker Carlson pushing
for asylum for Russell
Brand, and I'm going to read what Tucker
said. And, uh, I don't know exactly, you
know, obviously I don't know about the
charges against Russell Brand, but I'm
also in favor of offering him asylum
because it feels like, and Tucker says
this better, I'll I'll give you what
Tucker said. It does feel like it's
politically driven as opposed to driven
by uh actual
victims. So, here's what Tucker said on
X. Russell Brand was once a famous
left-wing actor celebrated by the
British establishment. Then he
criticized the government for using CO
to turn the UK into a totalitarian
state. The accolades abruptly stopped. A
government TV station accused Brand of
committing sex crimes against anonymous
women they refused to name. Government
officials called for his opinions to be
scrubbed from the internet. Again, this
is Tucker Carlson saying this. Last
month, British prosecutors charged Brand
with rape and sexual assault. None of
the charges are backed by hard evidence.
All of them supposedly took place more
than 20 years ago. One of them from the
'9s. The entire case is transparently
political and absurd. A near identical
replay of the fake rape charges
authorities brought against Julian
Assange 15 years
ago. Russell Brand, whose youngest child
is barely a year old, now faces life in
prison. He has no shot at a fair trial
because Britain is no longer a free
country. Over the last few years,
millions of foreigners have applied for
asylum in the United States. Russell
Brand actually deserves it. Say a prayer
that the Trump administration comes to
his rescue. I'm going to say
yes. I'm going to say yes. Political
asylum. We should absolutely offer it to
Russell Brand.
Um
because it does look so political. I
mean, he became he became one of the
most effective
um non- anti-Trump people because he
wasn't
anti-Trump. And
uh it seems like a really big
coincidence that when you get somebody
who's that effective, suddenly they have
rape charges.
you know, it's just a little bit hard
for me to believe that these are based
on reality as opposed to it's just the
normal play that comes from the, you
know, usually the intelligence wing of a
country that's trying to stop somebody
from their from doing what they do. So
remember, uh, you know, Assange isn't
the only one. Trump too was, you know,
brought up on charges that to me looked
pretty suspicious.
So yes, now I will tell you that
uh um when was it? Was it two years ago?
Uh one year ago? I'm losing sense of
time. So I was asked to be a guest on
Russell Brown show, which of course was,
you know, a gigantic, you know, honor.
And he was at the top of his game before
the accusations. And the very week that
I was going to be on his show is when
all this news first broke that he had
been accused of these terrible crimes.
And I got to tell you, he he did the
best he could, but boy was he affected.
I mean, you could tell he was not his
usual self. So I never got to experience
being on his show when he was at the top
of his game because he he had taken a
gut punch, you know, that very I I think
within just day or two of me being on
the show. So I felt very bad for him. Um
and yes, asylum. Let's check in with uh
Germany. According to Reuters, the
uh the I guess the leading conservative
party, the AFD,
um which is leading in the polls, has
been designated an extremist entity by
German
intelligence. Does that sound
legitimate?
Do you think that just as this political
party is picking up popularity to the
point where it could, you know,
potentially get into power, it's not
there yet, is this a coincidence that
German intelligence has designated them
an extremist entity? And do you think
the facts will support that? Now, I'm
not saying there are no extremists in
the party because every party has some
extremists, but
uh uh that looks a little suspicious to
me. So, that's what Germany's up to.
Let's check in with Israel. Um according
to the Times of
Israel, Netanyahu was asked about the
goal of, you know, getting the hostages
back from Hamas. And
uh Netanyahu had this very honest
answer. He said, "It's a very important
goal, meaning getting the hostages
back." But then he continued, um, "But
the war has a supreme goal, and the
supreme goal is victory over our
enemies, and this we will achieve." So
he's got an important goal, but also a
supreme goal.
Now, he is very honest about this and
and there's something about transparency
uh in this domain
that as horrible as this situation is, I
do appreciate transparency. And so, he's
saying as clearly as possible, if the
hostages get in the way of us destroying
Hamas, we're going to destroy Hamas.
And if you're a family member, friend of
the hostages, that's the worst thing you
could ever hear. But it is
leadership and it is very clear and it
probably is the smartest thing you can
say because you know Hamas is listening
to you can't give them too much power
and you can't let taking hostages work.
So he's he's taking the hard road and
he's saying we're not going to let
hostages work. And if that means that
the hostages don't come
home, the supreme the supreme goal is to
get rid of
Hamas. So it's
horrible, but it's transparent.
And I'll tell you, transparency goes a
long way to making the horrible not
acceptable, but but at least, you know,
barely
tolerable. So, there's
that. And by the way, that's what I
that's what I predicted would happen.
Um, you know, that they would that
defeating Hamas would be ultimately the
the primary goal.
Well, according to uh President uh
Trump, he said that all purchases of
Iranian oil or prochemicals must stop
now. He says that any country or person
who buys any amount of oil or
prochemicals from Iran will be subject
to immediate secondary sanctions. And so
I said to myself, who buys who buys oil
from
Iran? Who exactly is he threatening? So
I went to Grock and said, "Who buys oil
from Iran?" Well, apparently 90% of it
is China. So did he just threaten China
with what would be kind of permanent
secondary
sanctions because it's 90% China. But
there's also Syria, which I can't
believe they buy much oil. uh Turkey,
which could be a bigger deal, you know,
a NATO member, UAE, Bangladesh, Oman,
and
Venezuela. Can you believe that
Venezuela, which is an oil exporting
country or should have been, has to buy
oil from
Iran? Boy, that is that is a failed
country right there. And then allegedly
some European countries might try to buy
some oil from Iran, but that's harder to
verify.
So, I don't know. Is this a play against
China or does it really make a
difference to
Iran? I don't
know. Well, according to the New York
Post, the
uh the Russian Security Council deputy
chairman Dimmitri Medvidev, who's very
wellconed, you so he's a he's a Putin
guy.
um he talked about the uh mineral deal
that the US signed with Ukraine and he
doesn't like it at all and here's what
he says and he certainly chooses his
words in an interesting way. Um so
Medvidev said on Thursday that the
mineral rights deal with Ukraine
um he praised it um
sarcastically praising the US leader for
making a deal with a nation that will
soon disappear.
what will soon
disappear. So, this is Putin's
right-hand person who says that Ukraine
will soon
disappear. That really doesn't sound
like somebody who wants a peace deal in
which Ukraine thrives and they just keep
the stuff they've already
taken. That doesn't that feel like he's
revealing a little bit more than he was
supposed to reveal?
I mean, if you say that the nation will
soon disappear, aren't you kind of
saying that Putin's plan is to take the
rest of
Ukraine, and if that is the
plan, why is he mad about the uh mineral
deal
unless the mineral
deal is a good strategy?
So, I was kind of criticizing the
Mineral Deal as too weak, meaning that
it wouldn't stop Russia from doing
anything. But maybe it isn't. Maybe it
isn't because if the second if the
right-hand person of of Putin, you know,
somebody that close to Putin, uh, feels
that he needs to criticize the deal,
that means the deal has some
importance and it means that Russia is
saying, "Oh
crap. Uh, this is going to make it
harder for us to disappear Ukraine."
So, I'm going to I'm going to
tentatively revise my opinion about the
the mineral deal. Now, we don't know if
it'll translate into actual, you know,
money and mining and, you know, we don't
know if it'll actually economically work
yet, but
politically it looks like it's already
working because if Russia hates
it, that feels like it's on target. If
Russia didn't care one way or the other,
then I would have said, "Well, see, you
know, it was
irrelevant." But apparently it is
relevant. So if it bothers
Russia, maybe it's maybe it's right on
point.
Well, according to Newsmax, there are
riots in China over the over the tariffs
causing them to close factories and
people not getting paychecks and people
laid off and um so the riots and mass
protests spreading across China. Now, as
I've told you before, every time I see a
story about China's economy, whether
it's these factory closing and riots
happening, I I eventually learned that
it was
hyperbole and that China is surviving
just fine. So, I don't know if this is
real yet.
Um Goldman Sachs estimates as many as 16
million jobs could be lost in
China. Again, is that enough to make
them change
path? Is 16 million jobs, you know, in
the in the context of uh China having
an, you know, an iron fist? Does that
make a
difference? Uh we'll see. But China does
seem to have been uh easing up on it
rhetoric at the same time that allegedly
they're getting all this economic
pressure. So apparently
uh uh China is quote evaluating an offer
from Washington. This is from Reuters.
Uh so they say that Beijing is
evaluating an offer from uh Washington
to hold talks over the tariffs.
and Chinese China's commerce ministry
said on Friday, although it warned the
United States not to engage in quote
extortion and
coercion and that at the same time China
was kind of quietly exempting
um a bunch of US imports from
tariffs. So quietly they're taking some
of the tariff pressure off on the
important stuff like pharma etc.
And in terms of their
rhetoric, all they're really asking is
that we stop saying aggressive things
about
them. And Trump is I think Trump is
doing his usual thing where he starts
out you're bad, you're bad, you're
little rocket man, and then as soon as
things start going in more of a well,
you know, we could be friends direction,
then he stops that rhetoric and now
you're his best friend. So what I would
expect is that uh Trump's rhetoric will
very quickly assuming that China stays
cool and so far the suggestion is that
they're going to stay cool because they
kind of they need a deal too, right?
They need to get past this. If they stay
cool, I think chi I think Trump is going
to change all the way from, you know,
his really his really uh, you know, bad
rhetoric about China and is suddenly
going to go to President Xi is very
smart. You know, he he knows that uh he
can make a better deal. It's good for
China. Uh, he sure he sure knows how to
run a country. And that's when you know
there will be a deal.
So this stuff that that uh the Trump
critics
call they call
chaos. How many times do you have to see
the chaos
work before you understand that he tells
you in advance that being unpredictable
is his technique. And then you watch it
and and you can label it chaos all day
long if you want but it works.
and it looks like it's working
again. So, we'll see. I I don't think
it's an accident that the stock market
is looking stronger than people expected
because I think the stock market is
saying, you know what, I think there's a
pretty good chance that China is going
to, you know, get the rhetoric it wants
because things just calm down over time.
And then they're going to say, "All
right, now we're we can negotiate as
peers and we won't negotiate like we're
being blackmailed and maybe we can get
something done now." We'll see. We shall
see. All right, that's what I got for
you today, ladies and gentlemen. I'm
going to talk to the locals people
privately if all my technology works.
And the rest of you, thanks for joining.
I will see you same time, same place
tomorrow and we'll have some more fun.
All right, locals. Let's see if I can go
private