Let's check the stocks today. Ah, okay.
Let's not check the stocks today. We'll
check them later. Maybe tomorrow. Today,
not so good. Let's see your comments and
then we can have a
show. All right, comments up and
working.
[Music]
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams.
You've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains. All
you need for that is a cover mug or a
glass of tanker shells dine a canine
flask a vessel of any kind. Fill it with
your favorite liquid. I like coffee. And
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure, the dopamine hit of the day,
the thing that makes everything better.
It's called a simultaneous sip and it
happens now.
Go delicious.
Well, in media news, Stephen Crowder is
leaving YouTube for good and he's going
to be exclusively live on
Rumble. Um, actually, I don't know if
it's exclusive or I don't know if he's
on X as well, but he won't be on
YouTube. He'll be on
Rumble and he's the number one uh live
stream in America, I think. So, that's
not bad. Not bad. So, I guess YouTube
was not giving him what he needed. You
know, the other day I got uh demonetized
on YouTube just for one episode. And it
happens a lot, usually automatically,
but then there's a human reversal, but
the reversal happens, you know, after
after a lot of the traffic's already
done. Um, never did find out why that
one episode got demonetized. Don't know.
Well, did you know according to the
Daily Star uh over at the British
Broadcasting Company, I don't like to
say BBC because I know some of you will
just be sidetracked by that. Um,
apparently they're offering counseling
to the staff to help them cope with the
presidency of Donald Trump.
Now, does a British broadcasting company
know that he's not even the president of
Great
Britain? He he's not. So, how many of
them really need
counseling because of a president of
another
country? That That's pretty weird.
Pretty weird and pretty weak. But I I
wish you well, British Broadcasting
Company.
Anyway, uh up in Canada, you know,
Pierre Pier, uh let me pronounce that
correctly. It's Pierre Paul
P. Paul Rivere. It's uh I think it's
pronounced Paul Rivere. Is that even
close? It's not even close. It's pil
liver. No. Close. Okay. I can't speak
French last names, but you know who he
is. He's a very smart and very clever
person on the conservative side. He's
running for something. And uh he says uh
they they they have a common sense
approach for Canada first. So it looks
to me like he has cleverly adopted
Trump's best phrases and plans.
Canada first. Common sense, common sense
immigration. That's a pretty good idea.
You know, normally I would say something
like, "Oh, you're so such a copycat. You
know, come up with your own campaign."
But how do you do better than common
sense? And how do you how do you do
better than your own country should come
first to the politicians running your
own country? You can't really top those
things. So, I I suspect there's just
going to be a whole bunch of politicians
and a whole bunch of places saying,
"I've got an idea." Hey, hey, I've got
an idea. How about common sense? Is
anybody up for some common sense? Well,
it's hard to say no to that. We'll see
how he does.
Um, Gateway Pundit is reporting that
Adam Corolla correctly called the near
impossibility of getting building
permits in California for the people who
were affected by those LA
fires. And uh, let me give you a little
poll here. So, it's been 75 days since
the
fires. How many building permits do you
think have been issued? 75 days and
fairly quickly people knew whether their
house was going to be, you know, burned
down or or not. So, how many building
permits have been issued? Would you say
400, 40, or
four? The answer is four.
four building permits for all that, you
know, just acres and I don't know,
hundreds and hundreds of homes and only
four building permits. And uh Adam
Corolla had warned us in advance that it
was going to be nearly impossible to
build because of all the California red
tape. Now, you were probably optimistic
that red tape could be cleared a little
faster because it's an emergency and you
know, we're doing the common sense thing
now. How many homes? 1500 homes I'm
seeing in the comments.
1,500. Yeah. Now, um I would be a little
cautious about this 75day thing because
it could be that uh you couldn't really
get a contractor or a builder or an
architect even into the area because it
was too toxic. So, it might be that um
the first 75 days nobody could do
anything because the area itself was,
you know, not as accessible as it could
have been. not not the whole 75 days,
but we'll see. There's still some
possibility that it will ramp up quickly
um once people see whether it makes
sense to live there at all. So, we'll
see. But a related story is that the
State Farm, the insurance company, is
just getting wrecked by the press for uh
what a lot of its customers say is
pretty bad behavior.
uh as in offering incredibly low ball
offers um w well below the cost of
rebuilding. And why? Well, the the
theory is that sometimes they can get
away with it. So, if you don't hire a
lawyer and fight them and you know, just
really go after them hard, apparently
they'll just try to lowball you because
there's so much money involved.
So, State Farm has a lot of explaining
to do. Um, I'm not there personally, but
based on the press reports, it looks
like something pretty bad's happening.
So, State Farm, you need to explain
yourself. Meanwhile, uh, San Francisco
has rolled out this uh, program in the
city where there are cameras that can
photograph your car and your license
plate and issue you a ticket. And the
ticket will depend on your
income. Can you believe that? The amount
you have to pay for the ticket will be
based on your
income and it will be automatic. There's
no human involved. They'll just take a
picture and suddenly you just get a
ticket in the mail. Is that the
creepiest damn thing you ever heard
of? That you would get a ticket based on
your income?
I can they really can they really
determine your income from your license
plate? Uh maybe. What if they're uh what
if somebody borrows your
car? Do they get to take it based on the
income of the person who owns the car?
How does that work? This is so damn
creepy. Anyway, Blaze Media is reporting
on that.
Um, you know that Greenland visit that
JD Vance's wife and and kid were going
to go to? Well, it looks like that's not
working
out. I I think it worked out great when
Don Jr. and Charlie Kirk and and some of
their guys went up there. Um, I don't
know if it was because it was
early in the process and there hadn't
been a lot of thinking about what would
happen with Greenland and or what, but
they're really prickly now. So, it looks
like that the the trip that was supposed
to be sort of a, you know, a general
cultural appreciation sort of thing
turned into, well, maybe you shouldn't
go where there are a lot of
Greenlanders. So instead, I think
they're going to visit military base,
some US military base, and JD Vance is
going to join them. So it looks like it
might have been a little
dangerous or or at least a little bit
offensive to the locals. But here's
something that the
uh the Danish prime minister said. Um he
said that uh the scheduled visit puts
completely unacceptable pressure on
Greenland. Do you think that the vice
president's wife and and child visiting
Greenland and going to cultural events
was going to put unnecessary pressure on
Greenland? Really?
Apparently, Greenland can't take much
pressure. What would it take to conquer
the entire
country? Like six hobos with butter
knives. I
mean, if if they're going to buckle
under the pressure of somebody doing a
vacation in
Greenland, hey, the vice president's
wife and young child will be visiting.
Oh no. Oh no. The pressure. Oh, how are
we going to survive the visit of the
vice president's wife and child? Oh, no.
What are we going to do? What are we
going to do? Hide hide the the
dogs. Uh don't let them see our snow.
No, they're going to steal our snow.
Hide the snow.
So, apparently Greenland is uh ripe for
conquest because they can't even take a
visit from a woman and her child.
It was just too much pressure. Too much
pressure. Meanwhile, Harry Anton on CNN
continues to be uh one of their top two
uh entertaining people. He does a really
great job. I have to say if I'm just
going to give somebody a compliment on
how well they do their job, uh Harry
Enton does the uh the polls and some of
the numbers, puts them on a big screen,
but he has got down cold the
presentation style. He he can take data
and make it seem so exciting with just
his body language and he's standing and
he's he's waving his arms around and
he's you know his voice has all kinds of
variety in it. He is great. He's just
absolutely flatout great at doing his
job. So, uh compliments to him. But one
of the things he was and one of the one
of the things that I like about him is
he's not, you know, in the bag or out of
the bag for Trump. He do shows the
numbers and he's excited by the numbers
if it's something unusual. I love that
he loves his job. Looks
like one of the things he pointed out is
that uh Trump is at
his all-time high in popularity.
So the more we hear about, you know,
everything's bad for Trump and, you
know, and all that, uh, in 2017, Trump
was minus 10 in popularity. In 2024,
right around the election, he was minus
7, so he was improving by then, but
still minus. Uh, but in March 2025,
which is now, he's only minus4.
So, Arian said, "Uh, all we talk about
is how unpopular Trump is, but in
reality, he's basically more popular
than he was at any point in term number
one and more popular than he was when he
when he won the
election. He's more popular than when he
won the election. So, what does that do
to the uh to the strategy of le the
James Carville strategy?" No. Now, we'll
just wait. We'll just hang tight. We
just wait and everything will be better
because we'll just wait. Well, it turns
out that waiting just makes Trump more
popular. If I had to guess what it is
that's making him popular, it's that he
said he would do things and then he's
very conspicuously and with very high
energy doing things.
I think it is just shocking to people
that somebody involved with government
would say, "I'm going to do this list of
things and then the moment they're in
there, they do the
things." What Why are
people continually writing the number
four in the
comments? What is that about?
For some reason, everybody is just put
writing the digit four. Can you give me
some Did something
happen? Is there is there any meaning to
that where you just all like the number
four suddenly? So, you're just printing
four. Oh, okay. You're still back on
four as the number of houses that got
permits. Got it. Okay. There's a lag to
it. Uh, all right. But um and then then
Arion also CNN said that uh according to
the NBC poll um people were asked is the
US on the right track. The NBC poll was
the highest since
2004. 44% said we're on the right track.
That's the highest since 2004.
and a Maris poll says that uh same on
the same question is the US on the right
track it's the second
highest since
2009 so just imagine being president
you've been president for a few months
now and your popularity is at the
highest it's ever been and you've been
president before and the two polls show
that uh the public is more optimistic
about the direction of the us than at
any time in a really long
time. And that's
CNN, you know.
So, I I tend to believe that these are
probably realistic
numbers. Anyway, um so that's how the uh
Republicans are doing really
well. Let's check in with uh the
Democrats. Let's see how their best
people are doing. Um let's see. Jasmine
Crockett, who's been in the news for
being provocative, and uh she she seemed
to have mocked
um Texas Governor Greg Abbott for being
in a wheelchair. She said something
about him being Hot
Wheels. And then people said, "You
can't, you know, that's terrible. You
can't mock him for being in a
wheelchair." And
uh then she tried to walk it back and
explain that it really was about her his
policies. What part of Hot
Wheels seems like it's related to his
policies? And then she had some kind of
ridiculous explanation about
transportation as wheels or something.
So
So it started out bad and she made it
worse.
And I know I can speak for all
Republicans when I say I'd like to see
more of Jasmine Crockett at the head of
the
ticket. She's so bad at what she does.
Just so bad that, you know, James
Carville must be like turning in his
grave. I assume he's been long dead, but
you know, just based on his
appearance. Um, it just can't get
better. So, keep going. Jasmine
Crockett. We'd like more of
that. All right, let's see. Um, Speaker
Mike Johnson clarified something that
for some reason I didn't know and I was
so surprised I was just finding this
out. It's one of those things where you
think where where have I been? H how in
the world did I not know this? But ABC's
News is reporting that uh Mike Johnson
said that uh Congress has the authority
to stop providing funding to federal
courts. Um he says we do have authority
over the federal courts. We can
eliminate an entire district court. We
have power funding over the courts and
all these other things, but desperate
times call for desperate measures and
Congress is going to act.
Is that a real thing that the Congress
can just defund a court if the court is
rogue? Because we keep talking about um
you know impeaching a judge, which the
smart people say that's going to take
forever and you know you're going to get
too much resistance and it's probably a
bad president. But what if you just
said, "How about we just get rid of your
entire
court?" I feel like I'm down for that.
it because right now the, you know, the
court is completely out of control. I
mean, it's just completely politicized.
It's useless. It's it's more than
useless. It's it's just
damaging. So, that would be fun. Now, I
do suspect that this is one of those
things that that could go both ways. You
know, you think it's a good idea when
your team does it, but what if the other
team gets in power and then they could
do it, too?
But why would they ever need to? Because
all of the all the crazy rulings are all
coming from the left there. You know,
even if you don't agree with a ruling
that comes out of right-leaning judges,
it's not crazy But but the left is
just way off the reservation at this
point. So I I would kind of like to see
this. Just see what happens. just pick
one of the worst courts. And I would
even go so far as to say that if even
some of the judges are good on a
particular court, um is that how it
works? There are multiple judges in each
of these districts. Um if one of them is
so
bad that you you have to defund the
entire district, I'm okay with that.
You know, it's not a it's not ideal.
It's definitely not a scalpel. It's
definitely a chainsaw, but we're
definitely we're in chainsaw
territory. Yeah, I I'd pick the
chainsaw. Anyway, let's uh let's talk
about the update on the signal app Jamaa
controversy. Number one, I would say
that it's a two out of 10 in importance.
Two out of 10. Almost everything that we
talk about in politics is at least a
seven out of 10 or else it's not it's
not in the news at all. So this is the
most trivial thing that we've ever
talked about to pretend it's big. But
the drama
um are sending all their best actors
out. So let me give you two ways that
the Signal app story could be told by
politicians. Here's one way. Well, looks
like somebody made a mistake on the
signal app and added a added a uh
journalist. Uh it's very unfortunate,
but we learned from our mistakes, so we
won't do that again. Uh luckily, nobody
got
hurt. And uh Mike Walls has taken full
responsibility even though he wasn't the
one who added the uh the journalist.
Apparently that was some staffer, but it
was his staffer, so he's taken full
responsibility. And uh it's a good thing
that what we saw was our elected
representatives, well not elected but
you know the cabinet people one elected
I guess one elected um having a a very
fruitful discussion about whether we
should be the ones to uh you know pay
for keeping the shipping lanes open.
when JD Vance said something on the uh
the messages that 3% of the traffic that
the hoodies were preventing would be
American traffic. Just 3%. And 40% would
be European traffic. Now that's that
would be me talking about it like it's a
two out of 10. Uh let me give you the
dramat presentation. Oh my god. Oh. Oh,
the level of incompetence. Oh my
god. It's the same story. They just add
the
drama. And apparently they've all agreed
that the that the word
incompetence will be the key word. Oh,
they're gross. and and you have to say
incompetence
um in a certain way. So you can't say,
"Well, it looked like there was some
incompetence there, but I'm glad they
got that under control." That wouldn't
be much of a story. So you have to say
the
incompetence, the
incompetence, so much incompetence.
Yeah. And you know probably that
incompetence is all over the entire
administration just wreaking with
incompetence incompetence all over the
place. So that's the
dramats. But what else do we know about
it? Um
uh and I think the the dramcrats are
competing to see who gets the uh the
lead in the play because they're all
they're all trying to be more disgusted
than the last person.
Um then there I made the comment that
there was no alternative to using the
signal app because the government um the
government secure phones and stuff were
not efficient. And then a bunch of
people corrected me. They said, "No,
Scott.
Um, each of the top officials have
secure phones in their offices and so
they they could have done it on the
secure phones. To which I say, do you
 think Signal is a
phone? How many of you don't know the
difference between a phone call and a
text message chat group? The reason
they're using the text message chat
group is so they can do things in an
asynchronous way. Somebody's playing
with their kids and answering a message
and checking in. Somebody's on the road.
Somebody's on a plane. Somebody's on the
way to their
office. That's not a phone call. If if
you had if you had to get all these
people on their desks with their secret
encrypted phones that the government
has, first of all, they wouldn't want to
do any of this on a phone call. It would
just be the biggest waste of time ever.
And secondly, they're just not going to
be available on fast
notice. So no, there is no
government encrypted fully secure chat
service and the Signal app is approved
for government use as long as you don't
do the top secrets, which we'll talk
about.
Um, and then I saw Jeffrey Goldberg um,
get dismantled by Tim
Miller, who is um, a notable Democrat.
And Tim Miller asked him, uh, I'm
paraphrasing, but he said, you know, are
you going to release it? And, uh,
Goldberg goes, oh, no. I I take I take
classified information seriously, so uh,
I'm not going to release any more of the
messages that I have. And then Tim
Miller without realizing what he was
doing, I think, asked him the following
question. Well, could you show it to
some people who have security clearance
and then they can help us judge whether
it was really classified in war, you
know, war plans.
And Goldberg's answer was, "Oh, fah blah
blah
fa blah blah
blah
well and he he sort of
decomposed." But I'm hearing today, but
I don't have confirmation that more of
the messages were
released. or was it all of the messages
are
released? So, if they were all released,
that would be a pretty big change from
these are too sensitive to we'll just
release them all. So, I need a little
clarification on that. I couldn't tell
before I went live
here. Uh let's see what else is going on
there. There's so much going on in that
tiny little unimportant story.
Um, and then we had a couple of folks
weigh in to tell us that Jeffrey
Goldberg is a highly credible and
respected journalist. Uh, Ian Bremer
said that on X and also David
Axelrod. Now remember, I always tell you
that what happened doesn't tell you
anything. You have to know
who. Now, Jeffrey Goldberg is associated
with some of the, you know, more notable
hoaxes that we've
seen. So, why would Ian Bremer and David
Axelrod want to go public saying that
he's so
credible? What's up with that? So, I
always see these things as ways to know
who's, you know, who's connected to or
loyal to or, you know, on the same team.
So you can draw your own conclusions
about the people who are supporting
him. Um Mike Waltz took responsibility
for it. So you can stop well the critics
can stop saying nobody took
responsibility. Yeah, he he took full
responsibility. He just wasn't clear how
it happened because he doesn't have any
contact with he's never texted Jeffrey
Goldberg. But it turns out a staffer may
have done
it, but we don't know uh exactly. We
don't know the details of how or why the
staffer did it. So, more questions
there. And
uh I love the way Trump handled it
during a NBC News uh interview.
Um what did he say? He you said
uh it's just something that can
happen. That's such a trumpet way to
handle it. It's just something that can
happen. Mike Wals is a good man. Now
that's how you treat a story that's a
two out of
10. If it were a seven out of 10, then
maybe you would say more, you'd defend
it, whatever. But it's only a two out of
10. It's just something that can happen.
It's just perfect. It just minimizes it
and sort of brushes it away. It's like,
nah, it's just something that could
happen anyway. And nobody got hurt. Time
goes by, but it's all the Democrats
have. The Democrats don't have much to
talk about, so they got that. Uh, just
so you know, Dilbert's company will be
building uh an encrypted app.
So, if you're subscribed to that on the
Xplatform, it's the only place you can
see it besides locals. On locals, you'll
also see some of my political stuff. So,
if you don't like the political stuff
and you just want to see the Dilbert
comic, you can do that on X if you
subscribe, just look for the button on
my profile. Well, Alex Jones has a uh
Scoopish. Um, according to his source,
the uh there's a whole bunch of files,
14 terabytes of what Alice Jones calls
nightmarish sexual abuse of children and
on the Epstein files and has uh it's all
been given to the local FBI
offices with orders to take the gloves
off. So that's Alex Jones taking that
now.
My take on all the Epstein stuff is I
will believe anything when I see it. I
feel every time we get teased about, oh,
we're going to see the good stuff. It
hasn't happened
yet. So, whatever it is that's
preventing this from coming out, I think
it's going to be like the the JFK
files. Do you realize we got played in
the JFK files, right?
I'm pretty sure we got played because
even Trump had said, "If you saw what I
saw, you wouldn't release them either."
And then we saw what seemed to be the
complete files and everybody said, "Oh,
looks like there's nothing new here."
Yeah, we we knew the
CIA, you know, was involved in a lot of
stuff. So, do you think there's any
chance that we saw the good stuff on the
JFK files? And do you think that
anything we saw is something that if
Trump saw it, he would have said, "Oh
yeah, if you saw what I saw, you
wouldn't release him either." No. I
think we got played. So the Epstein
files could be the same thing. Meaning
that uh at some point somebody will say,
"All right, these are the full and
complete files." And then you look
through them and it's like some people
playing
pingpong and there's Jeffrey Epstein
playing the piano and uh now he's waving
to people on his way to a boat and we're
going to be like I really thought there
would be all kinds of terrible things.
No, no, that's all we have. That's all
we have. So, I don't trust
anything about these secret files being
released. It doesn't matter who's doing
it. I don't trust anything about
it. Well, um you know about the uh
anti-Tesla, anti- Elon Musk protests. Um
Zero Hedge is calling it part of a NGO
color revolution, which is how you
overthrow a country. And um that's my
take on it too that it's basically a
coup attempt in this case against uh
Musk and Trump and and attacking Musk
would be very good for the bad guys
because he's doing such a good job on
Doge that if they can take him out they
would uh you know partially
Trump's ability to save the country and
they don't care about the country. So,
um, but here's what we know. So, there's
this, uh, NGO called
Indivisible, and apparently they were
taking things off their website because
it they got caught as one of the
entities funding this. Apparently, they
were also one of the entities backing
the Black Lives Matter movement. You
remember
that? Which was also a color revolution.
So apparently everything that we've
learned is true. The NOS's
um are being funded by the
government to run
ops against against
Republicans and and to try to create,
you know, riots in the street and and uh
unbelievable. So, uh, Natalie Winters, a
co-host of Steve Bannon's War Room, um,
wrote an X. So, the wife of former US
attorney Matthew Graves, so he was the,
uh, he led the prosecution of the 1500
January
6ers is on the board of that
indivisible. Wait,
what? The guy who prosecuted, he led the
prosecution of the January 6ers is on
the
board of this group that backed the BLM
protests and now the Tesla
stuff. And I think his
wife, let's say,
uh, yeah, Matthew Graves's wife, uh,
Fatima Gross Graves. Imagine have your
having your middle name gross and your
last name
[Laughter]
Graves. Now, I haven't seen a picture of
her, but I certainly hope she's thin
because if your name is Fatima Gross
Graves, you you you better not have an
extra pound cuz that that's just not
going to work out. Uh but she's the
director of the of the NGO.
So everything you thought about how, you
know, every judge has a spouse who's
involved in some sketchy NGO thing, it's
all
true. Um, so almost every day there's a
new story about a judge rules. There's
some judge who rules against Doge doing
one thing or another. And it sounds to
us because we're not lawyers, it sounds
like, what? Why? Why can't they do that?
and then it, you know, gets appealed and
then the higher court says, "Well, they
can't do that." So, whenever I tell you
that uh something has been blocked on
Doge, it's almost always going to be,
you know, the lower court and anytime I
tell you that they've been uh that the
blocking has been reversed, it's an
appeals court. An appeals court. So,
here's a few more. Uh a federal judge.
So this will be a lower court has ruled
against Kerry Lake and the Trump
administration forcing them to uh uh
this is Nick's orders reporting on this
uh to continue funding the deep state
propaganda radio station. So that's the
Voice of America and the the related
entities to Voice of America.
And so Carrie Lake and Trump were
looking to just close it down cuz it
wasn't really useful and it cost a lot
of money. So they're just going to close
it down. And then a judge tells them
they can't. What? So remember, every
time it's the lower court, you know,
lower court judge, their rulings are
just baffling to a citizen. Why can't
the people who run it close it down?
like how is that not allowed? Like what
does a judge have to do with
that? And but then here's this is also
Nick Sorder is reporting this on X. Uh
but then a fourth circuit just halted an
activist judge called Chuang who had
required uh who was required Doge's
access to much of USID be suspended.
So there there it is again. Lower
court's blocking on a different topic.
The higher court is reversing the
blocking of something about
USID. And I would love to know the
budget for all the uh legal actions that
Trump and Musk are involved in. What
what do you think the government is
spending on these
ridiculous legal challenges to get them
reversed? Are we talking hundreds of
millions? I'll bet it's hundreds of
millions, you know, maybe not right
away, but over the course of the uh of
Trump's term. Incredible. But at least
it's a fair fight. You know, at least if
you tell me that Trump's lawyers and
maybe Elon Musk's, you know, resources,
I don't know if he's involved in any of
that or not directly, but at least it's
a fair fight.
Um, Trump signed an executive order for
election integrity, but it's not it's
not the things I wanted like some kind
of uh, you know, you must have ID and
stuff like that, but Autism Capital is
reporting on X that the EO would do
this. Cut down on illegal immigrants on
voter roles. So, I guess we'd purge the
voter roles to get rid of illegals. Um,
ensure that the Department of Homeland
Security has fully usable data. I didn't
know that was problem. Um, a citizenship
question on the voting forms for the
federal voting forms.
Um, cutting federal funding to states
that don't take reasonable steps to
secure their election. Now, that's a
little vague. What would be a reasonable
step to secure your election? Voter ID,
right?
So, I don't know if this gets to voter
ID or not, but maybe they could they
could use it for that.
Um, and then the Department of Justice,
they want the EO wants them to
vigorously prosecute election crimes,
which again I thought was already
happening.
Um, and uh, compliance with National
Election Day rules. What's that?
Compliance with National Election Day
rules. Is that is that saying that the
election has to be on one day instead of
three months of of voting? I don't know.
Uh prosecuting foreign interference in
elections. Okay. If you can catch them
and
uh revoking some Biden executive order
that was apparently not
productive. Anyway, so all that's
happening now. what Trump really wants
is, you know, in-person voting and voter
ID and stuff like that. So, we'll see if
he gets all of that. Um, so Trump is now
declassifying all the FBI documents
related to the Russia collusion hoax.
Isn't that
interesting? Years later, what are we
going to learn about the Russia
collusion hoax that maybe we don't
already know?
So Trump says, "This gives the media the
right to go in and check it. You
probably won't bother because you're not
going to like what you see." He always
throws an insult into the media. You're
probably not going to bother because
you're not going to like what you see.
And then he said, "This was total
weaponization. It's a disgrace. It
should have never happened in this
country. But now you'll be able to see
for yourself all declassified." Now,
honestly, I don't know how Hillary
Clinton avoids going to jail.
I don't think it'll happen. But won't
the documents show a clear path from
Hillary's
campaign to the creation of the Steel
Dossier that we know to be
fake.
Um, I I thought this is the most damning
and well-known stuff, but imagine if
there's more. Imagine, imagine if we
find out even more than we already know.
Could happen. In other news, um it was
reported that there's some good news on
a ceasefire deal with with Ukraine and
Russia, but I'm a little
uh I'm a little
skeptical because the alleged agreement
is not in writing and it's not signed.
So, that's never a good sign. But uh the
deal is that there would be a pause on
attacks in the Black Sea
shipping and that there would be a pause
on going after energy
facilities. The weird thing is they said
it was
retroactive. How do you stop retroactive
attacks? How do is there some kind of a
time deation thing? Um, not only will
there be a ceasefire starting today, but
there will be a ceasefire going back in
time. Really? I I must be missing
something in this story cuz how do you
change the past
anyway? But they don't have details on
even what they've agreed on. They don't
have start dates. There's no
comprehensive, you know, truce, etc. And
then hardly any time goes by and Russia
says that they also want their sanctions
on Russia lifted before the Black Sea
ceasefire. Now that's a whole new
negotiation.
So it sounds to me like, you know, maybe
the American team of negotiators went
away with some confidence or some belief
that there was an agreement and the
Russians either never meant to agree or
they decided that they had such a
powerful position that they could just
throw in a major thing like the dropping
of sanctions
um just to try to get that for free.
So assuming that Trump is in control of,
you know, what we're offering and what
we're not, he's not going to give that
for free, which means that the whole
deal has already fallen apart in my
opinion. So I don't think it's being
reported that way, but in my opinion, it
looks like the whole deal just fell
apart. Now, that's not surprising. You
know, at at this point in the process,
you kind of expect to all be a whole
bunch of, you know, false starts and,
you know, we we think we got a deal.
Wait, they walked away. No, now we have
a deal. Okay, not the details, but okay,
the details threw up. You blew up the
deal. So, I'm going to stick with my
three months
estimate. Um, I do think both sides want
some kind of peace.
So, uh, or at least the US and and
Russia do.
Uh, but it's not going to be easy and I
don't think we're
close. So, I'd be surprised if anything
happens. Um, but let's be
optimistic. So, if we were to look at
things from today's perspective, Trump's
at a high in popularity.
Uh the country thinks we're going in the
right direction in a bigger numbers than
we've seen in a long
time. And the biggest problem that the
Democrats could come up with, the
biggest one is a two out of 10 in
importance. Uh I think that uh they may
have said some things in that text
message.
Now, I'm open to to hear that maybe
there were some more confidential things
in there, but so far I'm going to agree
with Trump. It's just a thing that can
happen. But just think about the fact
that's the best thing they
have. And then I'm hearing Mark Cuban do
the um what's wrong with Musk and Trump
is that they do ready, fire, aim.
Do you think that anybody can tell from
the
outside if they're doing the right
stuff? I don't think so. And I and I
think that there are situations where
firing before you measure is exactly the
right thing. I I remember the the
shocking day that I first learned that
when you're talking about software, you
don't want to measure twice and cut
once. You know that old thing. If you're
a
carpenter, you want to measure it twice
so that when you cut it once, it will be
correct. And with hardware, same thing.
So, there's a whole bunch of domains in
which you definitely want to make sure
you're doing the right thing before you
do
anything. But not in software. In
software, you try something and it
breaks and you try something else and it
breaks and you try something else and
didn't really cost you anything because
it's just
software. So going fast and seeing what
happens can work with startups and it
can work with software projects. And the
question is are there applications
within Doge where that also makes sense?
Certainly there are applications where
the scalpel makes sense, but do you
think the Doge people can't tell the
difference between when to use the scal
scalpel and when to use the
chainsaw? Uh if the bureaucracy is
fighting you, which tool do you
use? I'll put this to you th those of
you who are experienced in management.
If the bureaucracy is trying to slow you
down and sloww walk you and avoid you
and you you want to make cuts, do you
use the scalpel? You
can't. Cuz the only way you could use
the scalpel is if the bureaucracy was
actively helping you. Oh yeah, you don't
know our operations, but let me tell
you, you could scalple this and you
could scalple that and we're here to
help. But that's not going to happen. Do
you do you think that's what the Doge
people are running into? A bunch of
helpful bureaucrats or like, "Wow, we
can't wait. We can't wait to tell you
where to scalpel this." Nope. In that
case, what would be the right tool?
Chainsaw. And then as you're
chainsawing, the bureaucracy starts
screaming, "Ah! Ah! Ah!" You don't
realize you're cutting this or you cut
this and the babies are going to die.
And you say, "Wait, what? The babies are
going to die?" Okay. Can you give me
some evidence that babies are going to
die? Yes. Yes. See, it's Yeah, it's
feeding these babies. And then you say,
"Oh, okay. Now you're being helpful."
So, you weren't helpful with a scalpel,
were you? But as soon as I put the
chainsaw to it, you're like, "Save the
babies, and now I have some useful
information, and now I'll back off on
the chainsaw." Exactly.
So when I see Mark Cuban saying, you
know, sort of generic things like, yeah,
they're they're disorganized and they're
just chainsawing things without wisely
deciding what to do. I say to myself,
I'm not sure he's fully incorporated
what the
bureaucracy would be doing to styy them.
If the bureaucracy is working against
Doge, and you can I think you could just
say with certainty that would be the
case, then that's just chainsaw. The
scalpel couldn't possibly work in that
domain. But it might kick up a situation
where you say, "All right, we've
chainsawed enough, but we hit a we hit a
little sensitive area here. Let's let's
slow down and scalpel that a little
bit."
So to say that scalpel always beats
chainsaw is just purely dumb or
inexperienced. To say that sometimes
chainsaw is the right answer and
sometimes scalpel is the right answer,
that will always be correct. But to
imagine that you can look from the
outside and determine where the where
they went wrong, you can't do that. We
we don't have any inside information
about that. to to imagine that the
complaints of the bureaucracy are
telling you that you should do something
differently. That's not how anything
works because the bureaucracy would be
complaining no matter what you were
doing. If it were a reorg, they'd be
complaining. If it were cuts with a
scalpel, they'd be complaining. If it
were anything, they would be
complaining. So, if they're all
reporting that they have low morale, oh,
we have low morale, that's just because
there's change. All change makes
bureaucracies have low morale, or at
least they'll tell you they have low
morale. So, you can't tell by listening
to the people bitching about it. And you
definitely can't tell what's happening
and when the scalpel and when the
chainsaw is being used or or if if
there's even a sensitivity to know when
to move from one to the other. I assume
they are because it's the smart people
doing it. So, um, the best. So, so now
let's look at the best that the
Democrats have. We've got the James
Carville
approach, which is basically give up and
just roll over and hope that the other
side makes a
mistake. You've got the uh generic
complaints.
Well, I I don't think that they measure
twice and cut once, which doesn't really
even make sense because, like I said,
they should be using the scalpel
sometimes and the chainsaw sometimes.
And from the outside, you can't tell.
You just can't tell from the outside
what's working and what isn't. That's
just not a thing. Then you've got the
Jasmine Crockett approach, which is just
be really stupid in public every single
day. like really stupid and try to sell
that. All right. All right. We got some
stupidity going. And then you've got the
signal app story that the dramcrats are
trying to sell you with their
faces. I'm so
ag and and those are the best plays. you
know, also yelling at their own their
own leadership for being
terrible. So, I've never seen a
more
disorganized,
completely broken party than this. I
don't know if there's any time in my
life this has ever
happened. Uh, did I coin drama? No, I
did not. No, I did not. So, I I stole
that
um from a DM that I got where somebody
DM'd it to
me, but I love it. The
Drama, it puts it in perspective because
I really do think that the Democrats are
largely a
theatrical production. And I mean that
literally uh in the sense that they're
acting about how mad they are. they're
acting about how much of a difference
anything that they're talking about
matters and uh that's all they have.
When I see when I see Republicans, let's
let's take the story earlier about Mike
Johnson. When he says um that the
Congress has control over these courts,
the funding for these courts, was that
theatrical? Not even a little bit. That
it was just matter of fact. th this is
something that we might do. It's
important. And he just tells you that's
it. When Trump signs his executive
orders, even though he's like the
greatest
showman, he's largely just communicating
what he's doing in an interesting way.
It's not a theater because there are
real things happening and you can see
the reality of it in the executive
order. So, it seems to me that
Republicans have, you know, similar
opinions because conservatives have
similar opinions to each other and that
when they describe them, they're just
talking. But when the Democrats get
involved, I think it's because they
don't understand policy or they're I
don't know. They they just seem to be
locked into a theatrical mode where they
believe that selling the disgust on
their faces is all they have to sell.
Look at the disgust on my face. Oh. Oh.
And then I'll say
again, what do you think would be the
reaction of the the typical Democrat
voter if they read a story about that uh
the Signal app situation and and the
story was just described in just cold
dry terms. Well, looks like this
shouldn't have happened, but luckily
nobody got hurt. Everybody learned
something. Um,
uh, Mike Waltz took full responsibility.
Looks like his staff member did
it. How How much do you think an average
voter would care if they just heard it
that way? But I will bet you that for
the rest of this year at least, if you
bring up anything about Trump doing good
stuff, a Democrat will say, "Oh, but
what about that massive disgusting
incompetence from that signal
appliance and the theatrical act that
they saw on TV? They're going to see the
news people do it. They'll see the
pundits do it. And they'll just act like
that. It's definitely just acting. And
once you see it, you can't unsee it.
It's just so obvious and so pervasive on
one
side. All right. So, that's all I got
for
today. Um, thanks for joining. I'm going
to say uh few words privately to the
local subscribers.
And uh the rest of you I will see on uh
see tomorrow same time same place
YouTube and Rumble and X. Thanks for
joining and locals coming at you
privately in 30