I feel you've been good and so you
deserve a
podcast. Yeah, it's going to be
[Music]
great. Good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams because that's what it is.
But if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains, all you need for that is a cuper
mug or a glass of tanker tells in a
canteen jug or flask, a vessel of any
kind. Fill it with your favorite liquid.
I like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine end
of the day, the thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. But it happens now.
Go.
Sensational. So, so
good. Well, there was uh some kind of an
election in Canada and
um I don't really care. Does anybody
care? Let's take a vote in the comments.
Does anybody care about the election in
Canada?
No. Okay, moving
on. Um, apparently Amazon has decided to
show the tariff costs in your cart
before you pay for it. But as Sean Davis
pointed out on X, why don't they tell us
what country it's being made from?
Wouldn't you like to know that? Would
you love to know what's being made in
China?
Yes, you would. So, it might be nice to
know what the uh what the tariffs are
adding to the cost, but on the other
hand, it would also be really nice to
know what country is this coming from.
That would be
fun. Speaking of Jeff
Bezos, I guess Amazon is going to launch
its uh project Kyper satellites
according to USA Today. So the uh
they're going to launch what 27
satellites into low Earth
orbit. What is it
for? That that's missing in the story.
What are they going to use all those
satellites for? I assume they're going
to compete for internet traffic with uh
SpaceX's
satellites. Um they're going to deploy
over 3,200 satellites eventually. Is is
the entire Earth going to be surrounded
with satellites at one
point? Are are we going to dim the sun
with so many
satellites at some point? Drone
delivery. You think it's about drone
delivery? Maybe. Yeah, maybe. Could
be. Um, speaking of shopping, um, the
chat GPT Open AI is going to add
shopping to its uh, AI app. So, if
you're in chat GPT, this is a story and
wired. Uh, you'll be able to search for
things and it will pop up with
recommendations and it will learn to uh,
know your
preferences. And so, yeah, it could be
competing with Starlink. We don't know.
might be more than that, but uh would
you shop with AI? Because I I've tried
to shop with AI and it's actually pretty
good because it gives you links to the
actual vendor, you know, it's it's not
acting like Amazon. Uh it would give you
links to Amazon and other vendors. I
kind of like
that. So, I don't know how they're going
to make their money. So, they're not
going to have sponsored ads, or at least
they don't yet. But don't you think it
would be better to shop with an AI than
to even go to Amazon? Although, I got to
say, uh, Amazon.com, the actual
software, is probably the best software
I've ever
seen. Have you ever stopped to think how
incredible it is that Amazon.com works?
and it works really well and it's it's
optimized and it's easy to easy to
navigate. Uh I'm always wowed by how
good Amazon is with software.
Anyway, apparently uh IBM is going to
invest $150 billion in the US to grow
its manufacturing over five years. So
add that to the Trump tariff wins.
Um, apparently we've got quite a few uh
companies now that are they're going to
move their manufacturing to the US. So
that part of what Trump is trying to do
seems to be
working at least at some scale. Speaking
of Trump, he just signed an executive
order to require truck drivers to speak
English.
Um, now I didn't know that was a big
problem that truck drivers didn't speak
English, a lot of them, but apparently
it is. And it's not just a small
problem. Um, apparently that inability
to speak English has led to a number of
accidents. I don't know if it's because
they can't read street signs or what it
is, but uh there is some thinking that
there's massive danger that the truck
drivers can't speak English. So maybe
that got fixed, although now there won't
be enough truck
drivers. So that's a problem. Um here's
some fake news. Listen to the fake news.
uh according to
NPR uh
some two anonymous sources. Now, if I
tell you it's NPR and it's two anonymous
sources and the story is something
that's negative about the Trump
administration, is it
real? What What's your guess? Is your
guess that
NPR with two anonymous sources and a
negative story about the Trump
administration? Is there any chance
that's real? Well, it looks like it's
not. So, the claim was that some Doge
workers got access to nuclear
secrets, which apparently the
authorities have said, "No, that's
crazy. Nobody got access to any nuclear
secrets? Of course
not. Um, here's some more fake news. Uh,
Trump is claiming he's already made 200
trade deals, but he won't
specify. He won't give any examples, so
you can't check on
him. Does anybody think that Trump
already made 200 trade deals? Does
anybody think that's even a little bit
true?
So, some of the claims that Trump is
making are just hilarious. I saw um
Scott Bassent was in a interview when he
was asked about that. Uh he was asked
what about these 200 trade deals and uh
Basent had to sort of talk around it
because he he couldn't confirm it
because it's obviously not true. uh but
he didn't want to, you know, go against
his boss, so he just sort of weasle
worded it and and talked around it. Now,
it might be, it could be true that a
whole bunch of different uh countries
have decided on some kind of framework
or maybe decided on some small part of a
deal and you know, Trump's calling those
trade deals even though they're not
comprehensive for each country. So maybe
he's talking about that, but it just
looks like a madeup number to
me. I saw a uh a poll by
Rasperson. It's a poll on whether people
trust
polls. Um apparently a majority,
51% either have not very much trust or
no trust at all in major media polls.
How many of you trust major media polls?
especially about politics. Do you think
they're
real? I I had a conversation with one of
my pollster friends, you know, he's been
working in that industry forever. And
you know, when I said, "Yeah, everybody
knows the the major polls are fake." Oh
my goodness. Did he not agree with that?
No, no, no. But then I specified, "No,
I'm talking about the political stuff.
the political stuff is obviously fake.
And uh he says, "No, I am completely
wrong about that. The political polls
are very reliable." But here's a quote
that I think is hilarious. Uh this isn't
Ras Rasmuson's uh reporting on this. So
after uh Trump won the the 2024
election, there was a Harris senior
campaign adviser, this guy David Ploff,
who admitted he was uh quote surprised
that many public polls last year showed
the that Harris was ahead of Trump
because the Harris campaign's own
internal polling never had her leading.
Have you seen the list of major media
polls that said that Harris was ahead?
They were all fake. They must have been
because their internal polling never
showed it. And I don't think Trump's
internal polling ever showed it. And I
don't think Rasmusa ever showed
it. But but all the rest of them like,
"Oh yeah, yeah, she's up by two points.
No problem. She's totally going to win."
None of that was ever true.
Uh, so if if the only thing you knew was
that the central adviser to Harris
didn't believe the polls because their
own poll that they paid for was not
agreeing with
them. That's all you need to know to
know that they were fake.
Um 48% of voters believe that the
problem with the polls is that some
pollsters were deliberately adjusting
their numbers to support Harris while
35% think it was because they don't know
how to accurately
poll. Do you think the problem is they
don't know how to accurately poll? No,
that's not the problem.
I'm pretty sure they do know how to
accurately poll because the internal
pollster knew how. Do you think only the
internal polls know how to poll and all
the external public ones don't? No, they
all know how to poll. So, whatever you
see that looks crooked, it's probably
intentional. So, here's a scary story.
Uh, apparently the University of Zurich
had been running a uh secret project
with AI bots on Reddit and they were
trying to see if they could secretly uh
manipulate Redditor's opinions. They've
been running it since November
2024. Uh, I saw this on the Reddit lies
account. Uh, apparently the and it
worked. So, the bots, which would be
just AI characters that are not real,
that pretend to be real, said the bots
were six times more likely to change the
minds of Redditors than the baseline,
often by leveraging
misinformation. So, all the bots did is
lie. And the and they were really
successful at changing people's minds.
They just lied. Then people thought,
"Oh, okay. Well, they changed their
minds."
But apparently they the they had
personas but they used information about
their targets uh for persuasion. So they
would know kind of what would work for
each person. They would figure that out
and then they would change their minds.
Now if you can change people's minds
with an AI
bot, did those people have free
will? Because the thing that changed
their mind was not their minds. The
thing that changed their mind was the
AI. So, what was it that caused them to
have the opinions they had? Was it their
free
will or was it the
AI? It's obviously the AI. What causes
anybody to have the views that they
have? Pretty much the news that they've
seen and the information they've
absorbed. So, for the most part, we're
very close to proving that free will is
an illusion. But I know every one of you
hates when I say that. But I will be
right
eventually. Do you remember uh Crossfire
Hurricane? That was the project the FBI
was running. That was uh the fake Russia
collusion hoax. And there was a central
character in that named Nelly
Ore. and she worked for a Fusion GPS and
uh and she coordinated with her husband
and she was a Justice Department
official and uh she was she and he were
really close to the origin of the
Crossfire
Hurricane Russia collusion hoax. But
apparently, according to Chuck Grassley,
the FBI keeps uh hiding her involvement
by overclassifying stuff. So Grassly's
mad at the FBI. He says, "Stop stop
overclassifying so we can find out what
Nelly or was up to." Um, I've got a
feeling that if we found out why she was
up to, it wouldn't look good, but that's
just a
hunch. Well, I saw that uh Tucker
Carlson had a guest who claimed that uh
$21 trillion is missing from government
budgets over the years. and uh that at
least part of it, her name is Katherine
Austin Fitz.
Um, she claims that some amount of that
money is going to building massive
underground cities in the United States
and also under the
oceans and that uh the these massive
underground cities exist all over the
United States and they're connected by
underground pathways and I suppose you
could also get to the underground, you
know, below the ocean ones
And okay, this is too
dumb. That that's the claim. How many of
you believe that there are
uh let's see. She thought there were
170. That was her best estimate. Just an
estimate though. Uh how many believe
that the that the government used part
of $21
trillion to build massive underground
cities? and she she speculates it's
because of potential extinction events.
So there might be, you know, various
things that would cause extinction and
they're building a whole uh a whole
civilization basically
underground. I'm going to say
no. I'm going to say nope. I don't
believe any part of that. I do believe
that there might be underground
facilities, you know, in various places.
So, it's not like there's no underground
facilities, but 170 of them all
connected. No, no, don't believe it.
Well, there's a new bill in Congress,
hasn't been passed, but it's been uh
introduced uh that would uh prevent
members of Congress from doing insider
trading, which they can do legally, but
nobody else can. Um, but the funny part
is that the bill is called the Pelosi
bill. This stands for preventing elected
leaders owning securities investments.
They they had to try pretty hard to make
that sound like Pelosi, but that's
pretty
funny. However, it guarantees that
they'll never get any Democrat to vote
for it because there's no Democrat that
can vote for making Pelosi
illegal. So, I don't think it's going to
going to pass. Even with Republicans in
charge, I don't think it's going to make
it. We'll see.
So there's a congressman named
Shri Thanador
Tanidar who uh is pushing for some
impeachment of Trump. Now you have to
see the video of this
guy because I don't think it's my
imagination that the weirdest members of
Congress are always the ones pushing
impeachment. Like they can always find
somebody who's just so weird. And this
guy is like a little extra a little
extra weird. So you can take a look
yourself, but um whenever you see a
Democrat has introduced articles of
impeachment, that's not going to be a
regular guy. That's going to be somebody
weird looking. According to the Wall
Street Journal, 39% of executives in a
recent survey said they'll uh decrease
their recognation the recognition of
pride this year. So, I guess pride month
is coming up in June and uh partly
because the Trump administration's
anti-DI efforts
um companies are going to pull back on
pride recognition or celebration I
guess.
Now, uh, my take on this, I think I said
the same thing last year, is that gays
should just take the victory because
I've never seen any segment of the
country that has been so successful in
improving their brand from, you know,
being mocked or whatever it was when you
were a kid to, wow, these guys are doing
great.
You know, you've never gone to a
neighborhood where somebody said, "Oh,
uh, you better not go through that
neighborhood because it's a it's a gay
neighborhood. It's a little too
dangerous." That doesn't exist. It's not
a thing. Yeah. And you also have, you
know, a lot of successful top level
politicians, both Republican and
Democrat, who are openly gay. I think
take the whim.
I think uh you know the LGBT crowd
especially they've done the greatest job
I've ever seen in improving their brand
to the point where it's just irrelevant.
Like how many of you spend a lot of time
thinking about
it? The the test is you don't really
even think about it. So take the win at
some point.
um the whole pride month thing ends up
working against you cuz it cuz it's a
way to say you're
different whereas the win is that
everybody's the same meaning you know
we're all different but we're all equal.
So I I just think the gay and lesbian
community has won so hard that they
should seriously consider whether they
need a
celebration. They should just say we
won. You know, every everything turned
out great. You know, I've never heard of
anybody. When was the last time you
heard of somebody not being hired
because they were gay or lesbian? I've
never even heard of it. I mean, I don't
think it happens in 2025, does
it? Anyway, so take the win. Good job.
Um, so we're still obsessing about the
first 100 days of Trump. It is the most
ridiculous story. All it is is a way for
Democrats to have something to
about because 100 days is not nearly
enough to know if anything worked. Now,
of course, the Republicans were all
saying, "But what about all those great
executive orders and the border got
closed?" And then the the Democrats will
just say, "Yes, but what about the
tariffs that are definitely not
working?" As if they know how it's going
to turn out. Um maybe 100 months would
be a good time to check in. But 100 days
doesn't make any sense at all as a time
to check the progress of a president
unless you are smart enough to say all
right let's just look at the things
where you can know how it turns out
within a 100 days and that's not tariffs
it's not the economy it's not the price
of eggs it's not it's not Ukraine it's
not Gaza it's none of those things but
maybe in a 100 months you'll be able to
look back and see how it turned out. But
this whole uh you know media obsession
over a big round number. Oh 100 is a
it's a big round number. We we should
see how everything's happening within
that 100 days. Ridiculous. Stop it.
Well, according to uh Christopher Rufo
and this I guess there's a article in
the City Journal, the professors at
Princeton
um are kind of getting at each other
because they've uh they're so racist
that
uh one of the departments is now
explicitly telling the faculty, quote,
"We can't hire a white guy."
Now, the the Democrats and the people
hearing this story for the first time
are going to say, "Are you kidding me?
In
2025, there's a, you know, an
respectable entity, Princeton, that's
saying out loud, like they're not even
hiding it. They're saying out loud, we
won't hire a white
guy." Well, may I give you my expertise
as a white guy?
It's never been
different. It was around the late 80s or
the beginning of the 90s when people
started saying out loud with no hedging
whatsoever, we can't hire a white guy. I
mean, it it destroyed two of my careers
in the '9s. It's the reason Dilbert was
born because I couldn't succeed at a
bank or at the phone company because
they told me directly directly we can't
hire a white
guy and to act like somehow this isn't
new. This isn't new. This is like a 35
year problem or 40 years or whatever the
hell it is.
the the fact that people are just
finding out about it tells you how bad
it was that nobody could say it out loud
in any public forum and if you did if
you said it out loud in any public way
people would think you're lying they
would actually accuse you of lying I've
been accused of lying about that so many
times do you think I was lying when I
say that I was told by my bosses
directly you know with no No indirection
whatsoever. We can't we can't promote a
white
guy. No, they said it directly. And it
was usually white guys who told me,
right? In one case, a white
woman. But to imagine this is something
new.
Wow. Well, let's check in on JB Pritsker
and his hate speech. Um, so he's got a
lot to say about Republicans, but here
he is once again doing the Nazi
comparison. Quote, "My family immigrated
to this country from Ukraine when the
Russians were killing Jews during the
pilgrims," the governor continued. And
so what I feel anyway is that the
dangers that my family experienced in
Ukraine, the dangers that we saw in, you
know, Nazi Germany, especially in the
earliest days of Nazi Germany, are the
dangers that we need to react to now. If
we don't, things will get much
worse. So Pritsker is directly saying
that the Trump and Trump supporters are
essentially Nazis. And if you don't
react to them now,
uh, it'll be a full-blown Hitler
situation. Now, would you consider that
a hate crime? Because a well, a hate
speech because hate speech is narrowly
defined as something that would incite
violence, you know, somewhat
immediately. Uh, do you think that this
is technically legal because it doesn't
incite specific
violence specifically right
away? But it kind of does do it right
away because if you really believe that
Hitler was
rising, you wouldn't delay, right? You'd
start putting swastikas on on Teslas,
etc., which is what people are doing.
So, I would say that
uh yeah, to me that looks like a speech,
but that's just
me. I guess Kla Harris is scheduled to
give a speech, which will I'm sure will
also be full of
hate. And she she's going to do it for
$25
uh per viewer. I guess you got to pay to
watch the stream. How many people would
pay $25 to watch a Kamla Harris speech?
And and I wonder is it is that all you
have to pay? Is it just $25 per stream
or is there also a two drink
minimum? Oh, wait. The two drink minimum
only applies to Harris. So, she'll have
at least two drinks before she does her
speech that you would have to pay $25 to
say. I I can't even imagine paying $25
to hear Kla Harris speak.
Now, it's for some group that's probably
raising money for it. I don't think it
goes, sir. But
really, so I expect I expect some hate
speech to come out of that. Chuck
Schumer,
um, he's doing the projection thing that
for some reason Democrats never
recognize, so it works. Um he started
out by saying recently that the
Republican agenda is billionaires win,
American families lose. Does that sound
like
projection? Because immediately as soon
as he said it, the X platform had
pictures of him posing repeatedly with
Alex
Soros. It's not like the Republicans
have some kind of monopoly on
billionaires. I mean, how long have we
been talking about billionaires
distorting our system, you know, by
their by their contributions primarily
to Democrat things? So, that's
projection number one, that Republicans
are the ones with the
billionaires, completely completely
ignoring the fact that Democrats are
almost defined by their billionaires.
Then the western lensman account on uh X
points out that in 2025
uh Chuck Schumer is saying that Trump
wants to intimidate and threaten
judges. This is Chuck Schumer saying
that
Trump is trying to intimidate and
threaten judges. Does that sound
familiar?
It should because in 2020 Chuck Schumer
was threatening and intimidating the
Supreme Court uh telling them that they
would what inherit the whirlwind or
something. So that was
projection. So he's he's like the OG of
threatening the courts and now he's
saying that that's a Republican thing.
Um, and then uh he was asked if he's
going to retire and he says he's not
going to retire because quote, "I'm
staying put because I've been able to
unite my caucus in a very strong fight
against
Trump." So, what's missing in that
frame? He's been able to unite his
caucus in a very strong fight against
Trump.
There's no positive message. Even
Democrats have been telling other
Democrats, "Can you at least suggest
something positive? You can't run a
campaign that's just
anti-Trump." But he
is. So, I think Schumer is the least
effective communicator in on the
Democrat side. Uh, so John John Stewart
was right when he said maybe Schumer is
not the one you put in front of the
camera. But who do you put in front of
the camera? Bernie
Sanders,
AOC, the weird little guy who is uh got
the articles of
impeachment or Cy Booker sitting on
steps. They they don't have anybody who
isn't scary or weird.
They need somebody who's not scary or
weird. According to investor Kyle Bass,
who follows China pretty closely, the
the China 10-year bond yield has just,
you know, sunk through the floor. Uh,
but that doesn't that doesn't make sense
if it were true that China's GDP was
growing at 5.4%.
So the thinking is that the bond is
giving a a little reveal that uh people
don't trust that China is actually
growing or at least growing at that
rate. So I don't know that that means
that the entire economy is going to you
know implode in China but it does
suggest that whatever China is telling
you about their
economy might be totally fake and maybe
always has been. I don't know. So I
asked Grock and said that these low
yields would be unusual for an economy
that's supposedly growing in a robust
way. So very unusual. So China is
probably lying about their economy, but
we don't know to what
degree. Well, as you know, Trump
uh did an interview with The Atlantic,
which is the probably the most
anti-Trump publication in the world. You
know, they they don't hide it at all.
And that's where uh and that's where
Jeffrey Goldberg works, etc. And there's
a quote that comes out of it about Pete
Haggsath. So allegedly Trump said,
quote, "I think he's going to get it
together." I had a talk with him, a
positive talk, but I had a talk with
him. Now, let me ask you
this. If you knew that the Atlantic is
the most anti-Trump entity, and you knew
that Democrats are attacking Heg Seth in
particular because they they think, you
know, that there's a weakness there and
they can get rid of him.
Do you think that Trump actually said
this or would you have to hear it on
audio or video with the full context to
know that he said
this? And here's the big risk about
doing a uh an interview with something
like The Atlantic. If they don't show
you the whole context and the specific
wording and what he was talking about,
uh, it makes it look like Trump has lost
confidence in Heg Seth and doesn't think
that he has it
together. Now, that might be true, but
you've noticed that Trump has never said
anything like
that anywhere else.
So, I didn't research it, but could you
tell me is there any video or audio of
Trump saying I think he's going to get
it
together? Because I'll bet there
isn't. So, that that that's just my
speculation. If there is and and the the
video or audio shows the full context,
well, then I'm wrong.
But I wouldn't trust The
Atlantic to have a quote that was both
accurate and in context. This is a
little bit too on the nose. Like it
would be the most damaging thing you
could put in an article. If you were
Haggath and you read this, you'd be
going, "Oh I'm going to get fired.
I think he's going to get it together."
That's what you say about somebody who's
not going to be around very long. And I
don't know that he actually said
that. Anyway,
um Megan Kelly had a
uh fellow on her show who was recently
fired for I think suspicion of leaking,
but he said he didn't do it.
Um so his name is Colin Carroll and when
he was asked about uh P
Ath he said uh um on one sense that he
was super focused and he was like great
in a meeting that he saw but in other
times he said at the same time I've seen
the secretary in more internal meetings
where he is super focused on like very
in my opinion weird details and very
agitated hated and kind of yelling and
just nothing's good. In other words,
acting like nothing's
good.
Now, how seriously should you take that?
So, it's on Megan Kelly's show. She's
very um very uh
credible. Uh but he's a recently fired
guy. If I could give you any advice
about who to believe, don't believe
anonymous sources.
And don't believe recently fired
guys because almost every boss in the
world could be described as somebody who
was focusing on weird details and got
very agitated and was yelling at
stuff. That's almost everybody or at
least everybody at a high level of
management.
So, you know, I I would put that in the
h not not too
credible. I'm not saying he's
wrong, but I'm saying that just in
general, you shouldn't trust somebody
who recently got fired by the person
they're talking about. That that's a
good general rule.
Well, according to current estimates,
um there are 1,200 alleged terrorists in
the United States. If you count the gang
members, there about 400 of them are,
you know, ISIS related or come from
countries where ISIS has a little too
much control. So, they're sketchy. But
the rest are uh MS-13 and Trenda Orua,
whatever the Venezuelan gang is. 1,200
of them and these were all led in during
the Biden
administration. So, good job, Biden. It
it it really makes you
wonder, was Biden even working for the
United States? I mean, a lot of stuff he
did, it looked more like he was working
to destroy the country, you know, just
in terms of outcome.
Uh, so it's hard to even understand how
we got to this place, but at least
Trump's solving
it. I saw a video uh from it looked like
it was tagged on something called Von
Kuran. I guess that's whoever got the
video. And there was this American
substitute teacher who was describing
his first day as a substitute teacher.
and he was talking about the quality of
the students and what they knew. And he
said, quote, "I thought y'all was lying
to me when y'all said that these kids
didn't know nothing. These kids don't
know Like nothing. Not a They
don't know basic math, addition,
subtraction, division, fractions,
multiplication.
So, let me ask you this.
Is that more dangerous than the
1,200
terrorists? It
is. If if we're if we're raising an
entire generation of kids who can't read
and do basic math,
ultimately that's more dangerous for the
country than even the 1,200
terrorists. So, we've got a really big
problem. And I don't know how we got
there except for the teachers unions. I
blame the teachers unions
basically and maybe the solution is more
choice in schools and at least things
are moving in that direction. But
uh and then and then their substitute
teacher uses language what like uh uh
these kids didn't know nothing. I'm
pretty sure that what he meant is they
don't know anything.
So, he's not their English teacher,
apparently. He's sounds like he's the
math
teacher. I wouldn't let the math teacher
teach them English. So, maybe maybe
there's two problems there, the the
teachers and the kids. Uh N. Gingrich is
giving us an update on the uh LA
Palisades fire and he says four months
ago the fire happened and 6,800 homes
were destroyed in the LA area. He says
three months later only four permits
have been issued to rebuild the
community. Only
four. It It's like California isn't even
trying to be a functional state.
What the hell? Only four permits. Now, I
heard somebody, you know, question
whether his number was correct. So,
maybe there's some question about the
data, but I'm pretty sure things are not
going well.
So, and this is something where there
was maximum attention. There was maximum
understanding that if we did things the
way we always do them, it would be a
disaster. and that we had to cut some
red tape and do things faster. And a few
things I think happened faster, like the
cleanup, you know, the uh the EPA did
their cleanup fast. But I don't know I
if it's really this bad, it's almost
like there's nothing that Cal can do,
right? Well, let's see what else
California is doing. Oh, yeah. Some
California Democrats want to uh they're
trying to pass some legislation to
decriminalize welfare fraud that's under
$25,000. Why would you do that? Why
would you want to go out of your way
when you have all these problems in
California and the thing you decide
you're going to work on is to make crime
a little bit easier for the
criminals. That's what you choose to
work on. And apparently the bill would
also protect fraudsters trying to scam
under
$950. And again, I
say there was nothing positive to work
on. The only thing you had to work on,
like your top priority was to make it a
little bit easier to be a criminal in
California. How is this even happening?
It doesn't even seem real.
It seems completely made up that
anything could be this incompetent. You
know, in California, we'll be the only
state that doesn't have gas for cars
because the refineries. We're not going
to have insurance for homes. We're not
going to have gas for cars. And we're
going to make crime a lot easier to
do. How is this even possibly happening?
Well, it's
Democrats, but is this what happens when
too many Democrats get in power in a
state? Do do all the states just crumble
under that level of
stupidity? I don't
know. Uh I saw Fox News and Jesse Waters
was reporting that uh some new boxes
from the Biden era have been found.
Um, and these are, you remember, Biden
had a bunch of confidential boxes in his
garage. But, uh, and then there were
some confidential boxes in the Penn
Center, the Penn Biden Center, which
Biden was part of. But it turns out that
even before those places were looked
into, there were some other boxes that
we now know got moved to Biden's
lawyer's office in Boston. Um, and since
then they've been put under, you know,
better better
security. But are you curious at all why
there would be nine boxes that were
pulled out from the many boxes that were
discovered and, you know, apparently
there was nothing too damning in the
boxes that were discovered? Don't you
think the boxes that got moved to
Biden's lawyer's office and were not
disclosed until
now, don't you think you'd like to know
what's in those
boxes? Well, I would. Sounds pretty bad.
But again, the Bidens will not be held
responsible for
anything. All right, here's my favorite
hoax. The My favorite hoax is the Biden
brains hoax.
the idea that the media had no idea that
Biden was declining and the the
Democrats who were, you know, clearly
closer to Biden also had no idea. They
didn't even notice. And they're actually
trying to sell that to the
public despite the fact that we all
could see it without any expertise
whatsoever.
But the newest newest one is Jim
Clyburn and he says quote, "I was not
around Joe Biden enough to tell you
anything about his
decline and he didn't think that any of
us could evaluate him because we're not
physicians. Are you telling me that Jim
Clyurn didn't talk to any
Democrats who were aware that the Biden
was declining? They they didn't have any
private conversations in which somebody
said, "You know, Jim, uh just between
us, uh Biden is, you know, he's lost his
fast ball. He was in a meeting and he
was just mumbling and he fell asleep."
Nobody, not not a single person. So Jim
Klyber is like the most connected
Democrat you could possibly be, you
know, with the the top level of
Democrats. And nobody mentioned it to
him. And he also never noticed it on TV
when he watched him the way we did. And
then the media is acting like the
problem was that the Democrats weren't
telling the
media. This is the most outrageously
hilarious hoax. The Biden brain hoax.
Unfreaking believable. And the question
I always ask in these situations is how
are the historians going to write this
story? Are historians going to say
despite the fact that the public could
tell that Biden was, you know, mentally
degraded,
um, he was allowed to finish his
term? or are they going to say it was a
closely held secret then nobody could
have possibly known and then when we
found out you know that's when he was
removed from you know running a second
time but wow it makes you doubt all
history doesn't it because history is
going to
record you know if if you have an AI and
you're training your AI on the news and
you just have your AI you know look at
all the news reports that are happening
right now, the AI would
conclude that the media couldn't tell
and the insiders didn't
know. And that's what history will look
like.
Unbelievable.
Um, here's another unbelievable one.
Apparently, there was an aircraft
carrier, one of our aircraft carrier in
the Red Sea that was doing some kind of
maneuver that was making a hard turn.
Now, if an aircraft carrier tries to
make a hard
turn, how hard can a aircraft carrier
make a turn? It's not like a sharp turn,
right? But apparently at the same time
that the aircraft carrier was making
this hard turn
um and maybe it was because the hoodies
were attacking or something. We're not
sure. But somebody was bringing a Super
Hornet fighter um a jet out of a you
know out of a I don't know from one
place to another and it slipped
off and it fell off the aircraft carrier
into the
sea. Now, I don't think China is too
worried about our about our military
prowess at the
moment. How could this story be
true? Do do you believe that number one,
do you believe that an aircraft carrier
could make a sharp enough turn that a
jet wouldn't be able to somehow correct
and it would just fly off the edge of
the aircraft carrier?
And do you believe that nobody
anticipated it and and and said to him,
"Hey, just, you know, hold on your
maneuver until we're done with
this." There there's something about
this story that doesn't even make sense.
But it's it's not really it's not really
covering the Navy in
glory. Well, here's another story that's
the least surprising.
Um, apparently in Iran where things keep
blowing up and catching on fire
mysteriously,
uh, there's another factory that just
blew up. Um, and people are saying that
it's a Iran drone factory. Now, you
might know that Iran is a big supplier
of uh, drones to Russia because they
have a tight connection. And uh, somehow
that drone factory just blew up.
Um, now who do you think did it? Now, I
saw online people saying, well,
obviously that was Israel. You know,
they blew up their drone factory. Um,
and some some say that it was a drone
that drone that blew up the drone
factory. But could it have been
Ukraine? Don't you think Ukraine would
want to blow up Iran's drone factory so
that Russia didn't get more drones?
I've got a feeling you had more than one
country who wanted to blow up their
drone factory. If it was blown up by
other people, I suppose there's a
possibility that, you know, there were
dangerous things in that factory and it
blew up on its own. But I do wonder how
many drone factories there are in
Iran. And the thing I would look for is,
do you think any other drone factories
are going to mysteriously blow up in
Iran? because I think maybe there will
be there might be another mysterious
explosion of a drone factory. Could
happen. I don't know why they had a
drone factory above ground, by the way.
That was kind of just begging for an
attack.
Um, Ukraine on Monday,
yesterday, called for a permanent
ceasefire because, you know, Russia had
asked for a 3-day ceasefire, but the
3-day ceasefire was just because they
have some 80th anniversary of victory
day in Europe over Nazi Germany. So,
when Russia was asking for um three days
of ceasefire, it wasn't about a peace
deal. it was just because they wanted to
be doing something else for three
days. And then Ukraine, of course, is
saying, well, why not make it permanent
ceasefire? So, it seems to me that both
Ukraine and Russia are just
pretending and they're they're not
pretending very well that they want
peace, but they're doing everything they
can to make sure it doesn't happen. So,
it was kind of safe for Ukraine to say,
why not a permanent ceasefire, but you
know, that's not going to happen, but
they can take credit for asking for it.
So, then Ukraine can act like they're
the ones who are serious about peace,
but obviously they're
not. Um, because they want Crimea and
that's never going to happen. So,
they're not really serious about peace.
Um, and then there's a related story,
Financial Times, that said that uh the
US and Ukraine are getting really close
to signing a minerals
deal. Do you think that's going to
happen? Cuz we're really close
now. Uh, I don't know.
I'd like to think that there's going to
be a minerals deal, but I feel like
everything that could make peace happen
is going to be thwarted or
sabotaged. So, my best guess is we'll
get really close to a mineral deal with
Ukraine and then something will happen
that mysteriously blows up that
deal. Feels like it, but we'll see. I'd
like to be wrong about that. So, we'll
see. And then there's a story about all
the North Korean um soldiers who are
fighting for Russia. Apparently, I
didn't know this, uh Russia and North
Korea have some kind of a military
alliance that says that each would do
the would join in a fight for the other
if they were, you know, in a war. So, I
don't know if that's why it's happening.
Um, some people say that the North
Koreans are practicing. So, they're
they're basically training their
soldiers to know how to use drones and
do modern warfare because they're
getting ready to attack South Korea. I
don't know about that.
Um and and then some people are
speculating, including me, um is Russia
having a hard time
recruiting because why would they even
want Korean s North Korean soldiers? Is
it because they're better at fighting? I
don't know. And why would North Korean
soldiers I guess the ones we heard from
didn't even know they were going to
Ukraine. So, it's not so much that they,
you know, they decided to go to Ukraine.
They sort of didn't know they were going
and they just ended up there.
Um, my best
guess is that uh, you know, Russia would
rather use the North Korean soldiers
since they're basically just just
fodder. Uh, it's basically just a meat
grinder at this point. So the fewer
Russians that get killed, the better for
Russia. And the more North Koreans that
get killed, Russia doesn't care. And if
North Korea doesn't
care, my guess is that Russia is paying
North Korea. So then North Korea is just
doing it for profit, you know, more like
a mercenaries. So I don't think it's
because they have a military agreement.
I don't think it's just to make sure
that the people who go there are trained
in modern warfare because I don't think
they're sending their best troops or
anything like that. And most of them are
just going to be ground up. It's not
like they're going to come back with
skills. They're going to come back
completely
damaged.
So, we're we're left to speculate what
that's all
about. But I think it's just for money.
Um, and I guess uh Putin's guy Lavrov
has uh added some demands for a peace
deal that make it look very much like
they're not interested in a peace deal.
So instead of starting where we're where
we think we are, which is um Russia
wants to keep the stuff, it's occupied,
but that's all. Now, Lavough is saying
that even if it's not occupied, if it's
what Russia wanted to keep, they get to
keep it. Now, that would very much be
somebody who doesn't want
peace. So, you know, maybe there's some
difference between what Putin wants and
what Lavrov is saying, but it really
looks like
Russia's just playing Trump at this
point. So, I don't think there's much of
any chance of a peace deal as of today.
I mean, I could change my mind tomorrow.
What do you think? Do you think Ukraine
and Russia have any chance of a peace
deal? Because it seems that Zalinski
can't make a deal because if he did, he
would be murdered by his own people. And
uh Putin doesn't need a deal cuz he's
winning. And uh apparently he can just
grind away as long as he wants and get
as much as he wants and you know he can
make a deal anytime
later.
So I'm going to I'm going to say that
uh no peace
deal. All right. Um apparently the US
has struck more than
uh according to the Washington Times has
struck more than 800 Hoodi targets in
Yemen in the past six weeks. 800
targets. Um, but has it worked? Well,
according to this reporting from the
Washington Times,
um, the they've reduced Hoodi missile
launches by
69%. And, uh, attacks from Hoodi one-way
drones down by 55%.
But the weirdest part of the story is
that it suggests that Iran's support of
the Hoodis is not part of our
negotiation with Iran for a nuclear
deal. Do you believe that? Do you
believe that we're negotiating with Iran
for a nuclear deal, but we're not
throwing in the their support for the
Hoodies? Wouldn't that be the most
obvious thing you throw into the deal?
It's like, okay, you got to stop
supporting the
hoodies ruining things in the Red
Sea. So, that doesn't make sense to me.
That should all be part of the same
conversation. But, uh, if we if we
reduce the launches by
69%. Can we ever get to the point where
the Red Sea is safe
enough? Because wouldn't you have to
reduce their attacks by I don't know 99%
before the insurance companies would say
yeah that looks safe enough we'll ensure
your ship if you take it that
direction and if you did even if you
reduced it by
99% how long would it take them to
reconstitute the resources if we stop
bombing
them I mean it looks like it's either a
permanent war
um or I don't understand why they're
doing it because I don't I just don't
know how you can get to the
end. Well, the uh House has passed some
legislation called the Take It Down Act.
Um I guess uh Ted Cruz was the one who
introduced it and it's um it makes it
illegal to have revenge porn on u on the
internet. So if you have a revenge porn,
the sites are going to have to take it
down. CBS News was reporting on this.
Now, here's the best part of this story.
It turns out it's bipartisan. So, even
though Ted Cruz is the one who
introduced it, and I'm thinking, wait a
minute, it's bipartisan and Ted Cruz
introduced it. Huh. Did the Democrats
finally learn not to oppose everything
the Republicans are doing? Because
probably the Democrats had a
conversation like, "All right,
Republicans want to get rid of this
revenge porn. We're going to have to say
we're really in favor of revenge porn
now." So, I feel like Ted Cruz got the
Democrats this close to a fullthroated
endorsement of revenge
porn just based on past experience. Not
really. I'm just joking.
Well, the according to The Hill, the
Trump administration is trying to limit
the quote forever chemicals that
companies discharge into the water. Um,
but there's some concern that maybe
other deregulation will will work
against that. But I do like the fact
that with the make America healthy
again, the the focus on all the
permanent pollution that's in our food
and in our medicines and in our water
and in our air are being looked at
pretty critically. So that seems like
good
news. Uh, according to Newsmax, um,
Trump administration is going to dismiss
all the authors of National Climate
Assessment. Apparently, there are, and
this is weird, there are 400
contributors or were, they're all
they're all fired now, uh, to the six
National Climate Assessment. So,
Congress mandates
that that there's a climate assessment
every year, I guess.
But the Trump administration has
dismissed all the
contributors.
So I guess I guess the Trump
administration didn't need to prove
anything about climate change. All they
did is just say, "All right, we don't
need you. You're
done." Um, and probably that report was
useless because it's too political. Who
would trust 400 contributors to the
National Climate Assessment? Do you
think that there's even one of those
contributors who might have contributed
something and said, "You know what? I
think these climate models are
BS." No. Because in order to keep their
jobs and to continue working in their
field, they would all have to agree. So
if you know in advance that all the
authors have to agree to one position,
why do you need them? Because you know
exactly what they're going to say. Oh,
we're all going to be dead in 12 years.
The the oceans will be boiling. You
don't really need to pay them if you
know that for political and career
reasons, there's only one thing they can
say. You you could just say we will
stipulate that all of you people who
want to protect your careers are going
to say that climate change is terrible
and it's already too late but you really
should get rid of all your I don't know
all your gas vehicles or something. So
yeah, you don't really need to pay
people to tell you what you know they're
going to say.
Meanwhile, China apparently has a
microwave gun that fires 10,000 shots
non-stop at missiles and drones to knock
them out of the air, according to
interesting
engineering. And uh I guess it was hard
to do technically,
but and and it's not that big. So I
think it you could put it on a truck or
something. It's about that size. And I'm
thinking that the United States does not
have such a weapon. Because if we did,
wouldn't we just park a few of them off
of Yemen and just knock down every drone
and every missile that came out of Yemen
or at least anything that was headed
toward the Red
Sea. So that kind of suggests we don't
have that weapon,
right? Or somebody said that we do have
something like it and it's deployed in
the Philippines. To which I say, but
wouldn't you also have it outside of
Yemen? Because if you could knock down
the missiles, you know, as soon as
they're
launched, seems like that'd be a pretty
good model. Unless you need like a hund
of them, you know, in order to cover the
coast, which might be the
case, but uh we need that for Yemen. All
right, ladies and gentlemen, that's your
news for the day. Thanks for joining.
I'll see you on YouTube and X and Rumble
same time tomorrow. And I'm going to say
a few words privately to the local
subscribers,
assuming my buttons work. And the rest
of you, thanks for joining.