Do you feel brave? Well, here's the good
news. It's up. Tesla, well, you know, we
can't we can't tell how it's going to
end today, but at the moment, Tesla's up
4.3%. Bitcoin's up. The S&P index is up
7. Looking good. Apple's up
2.95. And what news is that based
on? None.
the the Marcus are just flailing all
over the place. All right, let me get my
uh locals commenters up here and then
we'll then we'll have a show. The show
you deserve. Not the one you're going to
get, but the one you deserve.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
it's probably the best fun you'll ever
have in your entire life. But if you
want to take a chance on taking it up to
a level that no human can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains, all you need for that is a cup
or mug or a glass of tank or chalice in
a canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind. Fill it with your favorite liquid.
I like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine end
of the day. The thing makes everything
better. It's called the simultaneous
sip. And it happens now. Go.
So good. So good. Well, we will of
course talk about the tariffs and who's
got the upper hand. China or the US?
I'll help you sort that out. But first,
some other news. Some of it's
good. Activist Robbie Starbucks gets
another big victory. He's been racking
them up lately um for a while now. So,
he's uh going after big companies that
have DEI programs to try to talk them
out of being racist. And uh he just got
another big win with a company called
Constellation Brands. And they own
Corona, Medela, and Pacific Beer. And uh
last week, uh Robbie Starbucks did a
story exposing their woke DEI policies.
And then they said, "Let's negotiate."
And then they made a bunch of promises.
So they're no no longer going to do DEI,
but they made a bunch of other promises
that made sense. They won't be
participating in this weird CI social
credit system. They they'll no longer
use the term Latinx. Uh they won't be
lobbying for legislation that isn't core
to their business. Bunch of all
basically all the things you'd want them
to do. So another big victory for Robbie
Starbucks. keep keep an eye on him
because he's he's just rolling up the
the
winds against
racism. Finally,
uh speaking of DEI, the Postmillennials
reporting that uh the top US military
official on the NATO military committees
was fired and people think probably
because of
DEI. Uh now, as you know, whenever a
woman in the workplace does something
that's never done before, we don't say,
"Oh, somebody did something good," we
say, "It's the first woman to ever
accomplish whatever or to ever be in
this line of work or to ever achieve
this." The first woman. Well, um the
person who was fired is Navy Vice
Admiral Shioana Chaffield.
and uh she was one of the few female
Navy three-star officers and she was the
first woman to lead the Naval War
College and now she's the first three
star I'm sorry it's not funny but she's
the first three star admiral to be fired
for
[Laughter]
racism. I I really shouldn't be laughing
at that because she is a member of the
military and I should show more respect.
But what I'm making fun of is not her so
much. I'm making fun of the fact that we
always say the first woman to ever do
anything. And I'm so beyond that or the
we're the first black American to do a
particular kind of job. And I'm thinking
to myself, what what are we just
figuring out that people can do jobs?
Like, why is that still a thing? Should
Shouldn't we be long past? It's the
first first Latinx to do
something. Yes, everybody can do jobs.
It turns out It turns out there's
sufficient smart people in pretty much
every group and they can do jobs. They
can hold jobs. Yeah. Amazing.
Well, Bill PE, who's the US director of
federal housing, FHFA,
uh he he's been uh posting on X a bunch
of cost cutting. He's he's getting busy
over there. Now, I don't know how much
of this is Doge related because I don't
see Doge in the um at least on the
announcements. So, it might be that he's
just doing his own thing because he he's
smart and capable and he knows how to do
things.
Uh so here's what he just announced.
This is just wild. This is one of his
announcements. So all whole bunch of
things that look pretty successful
there. Uh he said there's an
announcement that Fanny
May, so one of his entities fires over a
100 employees for unethical conduct,
including the facilitation of fraud.
How in the world did you catch a hundred
employees involved in unethical conduct,
including the facilitation of fraud? And
I kind of wonder what the other
unethical conduct is, but I'm pretty
sure he's got him dead to rights. You
know, obviously it's something well
documented or it wouldn't be in the
news. Or at least PY wouldn't be
interested in it unless I had good
evidence. So congratulations, Bill PTE,
another superstar in the uh Trump
administration.
Um, apparently Pete Hagsth got a big win
in Panama. So he went down to Panama to
try to dechinify it because we don't
like China having um control over the
the Panama Canal because they operate
the ports etc.
Um so according to Raheem Kasam and the
National Pulse
um the US and Panama are rebooting their
strategic partnership and they're going
to get rid of China's influence and
they're going to have a robust security
upgrade. Um bunch of other things I
guess Panama is going to reject the uh
belt and what is it? Belt and road
initiative that they were part of. And
uh it's a little complicated what the
the deal is, but it's all pro America.
And Panama's decided, you know what
would be good? I've got an idea what
would be good. What if I'm just going to
throw this out there. What if we don't
piss off the United States so much that
they send the military in to conquer our
country? I've got an idea. But what if
we just make China mad because they're
much further away.
So, it looks like Eggs Seth made the
sale. So, uh, big victory for Trump and
for Pexath. So, that's good. All right,
let's check on the potentially fake
news. You you be the
judge. According to the national news
desk, uh they there was a study of this
year's flu shot and it came up to the
conclusion that there's a 27% higher flu
risk in adults who got the shot. So in
other words, if you didn't get the shot
according to the study, you know, you
had an average odds of getting the
virus, but if you got the shot, suddenly
your odds of getting the virus would
shoot up 27%.
Now, does that sound true? Do you
believe that? Or does it sound a little
bit too on the nose? You know what I
mean? Because, you know, there's a
there's an audience for the shots are
not only not helping, they're making
everything
worse. You know, you're going to get a
lot of attention if you publish
something that says the shots make it
worse. A little too on the nose.
Well, I don't know what's true, but I'll
tell you that uh Grock looked at it and
said uh the sample that they used were
clinic
employees. Clinic employees. In other
words, the people who are most often
around infected people with flu.
If your sample is just the clinic that's
always surrounded by flu and you say,
"Huh, looks like people getting the
shots got 27% more chance of getting
it." It's probably just that the shots
don't work and this is a group of people
who are around the flu all day. So,
uh, I think Grock for the win, but
again, you don't want to believe Grock
just automatically. Um, it's great for
context,
but is it a better authority than the
study? I don't
know. We don't know. So, apparently one
of the uh com one of the commenters who
follows me on X permaculture paladin uh
said after talking to Grock, this study
was done on clinic workers and people
were more likely to be exposed. Now, I
love the fact that somebody who follows
me immediately said, "hm, I don't know
about that." And they went to Grock and
then got a a useful answer. That's
good. There's a uh story in nature by
Larsson and Bersoff. Uh that the big
problem with science is not that people
stopped trusting
scientists. So, didn't you think that
people were trusting scientists less?
Well, according to this study, people
people still have a high trust in
scientists, but the problem is they also
trust things that are not scientific and
don't come from qualified scientists.
So, it doesn't matter how much you trust
the actual scientists if you also have
too much trust in the BS stuff that you
saw online or something. To which I say,
how do you know the real scientists are
the ones who were right? One of my pet
peeves is people will look at a few
studies from, you know, people who are
outside the mainstream science and
they'll say, "Ha, these these non-
mainstream uh tests show that all the
rest of science is corrupt." To which I
say, "Maybe, but why would you trust
those other scientists? If you don't
trust the mainstream scientists, why
would you trust the ones who are not
mainstream?" And I'm not saying that the
non- mainstream ones are always wrong.
I'm just saying, is there a logic there
that if just somebody agrees with what
you suspect is true that that that means
that their work is accurate? I don't
know. Maybe sometimes if they have the
right incentives and they did the right
kind of work.
Um, there's a story in just the news
that Biden's White House direct directly
helped special counsel Jack Smith on his
January 6 investigations into Trump.
Now, uh, the the allegation is that, um,
Senators Ron
Johnson and Chuck Grassley, who is I
think he's 300 years old today, um, sent
a letter to Cash Patel, head out of the
FBI, and and to Pam Beny, and they said
that uh, somehow they got they got
access to Trump and then um, and then
Mike Pence's old former cell
phones and I guess there was something
um so the White House council's office
secretly attained them and then made
them available. So there's something
sketchy there. I don't know how exactly
illegal that is, but uh one more
connection between the things that
shouldn't have be connected in a
perfectly operating government. So, Jack
Smith should not have had a Biden White
House help of any kind. Uh, I'm a little
unclear exactly what this help suggests,
but uh there you go. So, you can read up
on that on just the news.
Um, Senator John Kennedy, who is always
full of folksy sayings about things, he
was on Hannity with some other people
and he was asked about the the new
leaders of the uh
Democrats and uh John Kennedy said, I'll
try to say it all folksy because it
sounds better if I say it. I consider
AOC to be the leader of the Democratic
party. I think she's the reason there
are directions on a shampoo bottle. Our
plan for dealing with her is operation
let her
speak. See, it's much funnier if you do
it in his voice. Was that even
close? That might be my best impression
ever. I'll be the official John Kennedy
impression guy. I consider AOC to be the
leader of the Democratic party.
Well, Harry Anon continues
to be the standout on CNN whose name is
not uh Scott and uh Harry Anton was
talking about Trump. I I like the thing
I like about Harry Anton is he gets very
excited about his own data. You know,
he's sort of the data
guy, but he just takes the data where it
implies. So, he doesn't put the, you
know, any kind of Democrat spin on it.
So, it's either good or bad, and he just
gets excited if it's if it's a
non-standard result. Uh, but here he was
saying that uh Trump is not a lame duck.
If anything, he's a soaring
eagle. Can you imagine a CNN employee
saying that out loud on live TV? Trump
is not a lame duck. If anything, he's a
soaring eagle. Now, I think at one point
he does say, you know, it depends what
you think of his policies. Um, but he's
getting a lot done. So, his number of
executive orders is, you know,
unprecedented, at least in modern times.
And, uh, whether you like it or not,
he's just getting a ton done. So, he's
no lame duck. So, Harry Anton got pretty
excited about the the scale of change
that Trump is doing. We've never really
seen a a second Have we ever seen a
second term president do anything?
I' I'd love to see the total list of
secondterm president
accomplishments. Now, his second term is
weird because it was one in between. Um,
and because he's Trump, but I'd love to
see how he stop how he stands up to any
other second
term.
Anyway, so let's talk about some
tariffs. I'm going to try to sort it out
for you. If you don't understand a lot
about economics, but you're nervous
about the future, I'm going to try to
put it in the simplest terms who's got
the advantage so that you can decide
what you think is going to happen. Now,
given that the stock market has
stabilized at the same time that uh
China has uh forget about the numbers,
let's see. China raised their tariffs on
us what yesterday by
84%. And then
uh and then Trump uh responded by
raising their tariff to
104%. You know, we're going to get lost
in all the numbers. So just assume that
both of them have decided to put tariffs
on each other that are sort of through
the roof and unreasonable.
Um, so they're both playing hard. Now,
if that sticks, the things that will be
more expensive in the US, there'll be
lots of them. Here's an example. Things
like uh iPhones and PlayStation and uh
ThinkPad laptops and HP desktops and
some kind of TVs and basically any any
consumer stuff that China is making.
But I look at the list and I say to
myself, I don't really need any of that
stuff. You know, if I had to switch from
an iPhone to a
Samsung, isn't the Samsung made
completely in South
Korea? And would I be so unhappy if I
had a
Samsung? I don't know. So, it might be
bad for Apple and it might be bad for a
number of these companies, but
um I don't know how much we need any of
this. You know, one of the things that
might come out of this is Americans
having a completely different idea of
what's
essential. And it's easier to tell your
kid that you don't that you don't want
to buy them a
PlayStation because the price is through
the roof. Well, I'd love to buy you a
PlayStation, but you know, not at
$2,000. Um, yes, I do think it's time to
upgrade your iPhone, dear, but not at
$3,000. So, looks like you're going to
keep your iPhone for, you know, maybe a
year or more. So, there's a lot of stuff
that we just sort of don't need. We
want, but we don't need. Now, there's
other stuff I'll talk about,
pharmaceuticals and rare earth minerals
and stuff. There are some things that
are just essential, but whole bunch of
stuff we just don't need. And and if a
parent can say to a kid, it's too
expensive now. We're going to wait a
year. That might actually help the
parent. It's one less thing that they
have to buy that they know won't be used
that much. All right.
So I'm going to start with the smartest
people who understand tariffs and what
they say the situation looks like. We're
going to start with Scott Basant who's
on Fox Business with Maria
Bama and
uh he talked about the uh the China
exports to the
US are five times greater than our
exports to China. and he goes, "So they
can raise their tariffs, but so
what?" Now, so what is more of a
negotiating position? Obviously, there's
a a so what to it, but uh this should be
maybe the most important piece of
data. So the most important data is that
they export more than we we sell to
them. As long as it's five times
difference, we should have the advantage
because they've got five times as much
exposure than we do for prices going up.
Now, you might say, "But Scott, it's
actually Americans who are paying that
um that tariff because when it gets to
America, that's who pays it." To which I
would say, "But probably it's going to
depress demand."
And if they have that much exports and
it depresses demand, that's a lot of
pressure on an economy that we don't
know how strong it is because we don't
have perfect information about China.
Here's what the Wall Street Journal
says. Uh again, they would be smarter
than the average people about stuff like
this. Um the Wall Street Journal says
China's GDP growth could fall 2.4
percentage points with a 100% tariff.
That's what Goldman says.
Um, and according to the Wall Street
Journal, China's growth was already
anemic at 5%. So, I guess 5%'s anemic if
you're in China. That would be good for
the United States, but anemic for them.
Uh, if you cut that in
half, meaning you know what could happen
with these tariffs, there will be
serious domestic
chaos. Now, you're saying to yourself,
it doesn't matter how much domestic
chaos there is. the the government just
has a you know iron fist on the people.
So it doesn't matter. I would argue that
domestic unhappiness is always important
uh even to dictators or anybody who has
full control of stuff. So that could be
a big deal. U but again we don't know
what numbers coming out of China are
real and I don't know if anybody's
really smart enough to predict the exact
impact. But you could see that uh China
has some exposure
um because their economy is not super
strong and there's no doubt this would
be a hit. So it's a hit on an economy
that's already being called
anemic. Then there's Kyle Bass. Now Kyle
Bass I love because he's as anti-China
as I am. He's been for years. But he's
also um very well informed about the
whole financial situation with China,
better than the average person because
it's his business. Um he says there's a
reason the Chinese demanded that the IMF
stop publishing their reserve adequacy
calculation for China and for Hong Kong
in 2019. He says China doesn't have
adequate USD reserves to operate their
economy. Now, that's a little bit out of
my um my zone, but just know that
somebody who knows more about the need
for USD reserves to operate your economy
says that they're running out. Are they?
Well, again, I think all data is
difficult to estimate, but uh Kyle
thinks that they're not in good shape
because they demanded that the IMF stop
publishing their reserve adequacy.
Why would China insist that somebody
stops publishing their reserve adequacy
unless it wasn't
adequate? So that's a pretty good, you
know, connecting the dots there. If it's
not adequate and they needed to operate
their
economy, that's a problem.
Uh then there's uh Chimath uh
Palahapatia who has the advantage of
being one of the smartest people around
and you know look deeply into it. Um,
and his opinion on X was as many
problems as the USA may have, I would
say China's are worse. Uh, and they list
them. China's seen the slowest growth
they've had in decades. And again, that
would be based on what China tells us.
So, it might be even worse than they
tell us. Uh, their attractiveness as a
recipient of foreign domestic investment
has come to a halt.
How many of you remember in 2018 when I
lost my stepson to fentinel and I told
you that China was unsafe for business
and if it wasn't unsafe for business I
was going to make it
unsafe and there wasn't I don't think
there was a single person who thought
that was even remotely possible because
you know we were doing well with China
it seemed like China was just coasting
along and uh I I said that that
investment in China was going to come to
a halt. Here we
are.
Um Jimath points out they have a very
difficult demographic problem. Too many
old people, not enough young. I don't
know if that'll have anything to do with
the tariffs because that's sort of a
longer term problem. Tariffs are shorter
term. Um and then number four, they need
exports. They do not have the capacity
to absorb everything they create. Now,
America has a consumer society. China
has a savings
society. So, if China said, "All right,
we don't need to sell all this stuff
externally because we've got a gazillion
people in our own country. We'll just
sell it internally." But they're not
really poised to buy stuff. They're more
poised to save money. So they don't have
the option that the US does where we
could potentially, you know, in a
situation like this, we could sell more
stuff internally. So I went to Grock, u
which I used several times today. And oh
my god, the combination of smart people
on
X plus using Grock to fill in any gaps
that you don't know is the ultimate news
understanding model. I don't think I
could say enough about what Elon Musk
has done for the ability to understand
your
world. You need both. It's not good
enough just to have the smart people
weigh in because you you know wonder
about bias and you don't know who's
right about what. But then you you fire
up Grock and ask the question who can
withstand the tariffs more easily, China
or the US. Now the the overall answer is
you know it sort of depends and there's
lots of moving parts so Grock can't be
completely sure but here are some of the
things it
says the US is less trade dependent so
we know that uh let's see uh so exports
and imports for the US are about a
quarter of our GDP but exports to China
are only
7% of US exports.
and we have the biggest consumer market.
So, like I said, we have the ability to
possibly sell more things internally if
we wanted to. So, that 7% we're selling
to
China. Um, we could probably find
another buyer. It's not the most money
in the world and, you know, it's
something we could absorb at the size of
our economy.
Um tariffs could reduce the deficit by
curbing imports, but they also risk
supply chain disruption. So supply chain
disruptions would be terrible.
Um so apparently China is 16% of US
imports. Wait, is that right? Let me
check my other numbers. Um no, China's
economy is heavily export-driven. So
their their trade with everybody
accounts for 37% of their
GDP, but the US is their biggest market.
It's roughly 17% of China's exports.
Now, these are numbers that completely
surprised me. I would have guessed
because everybody's talking about
America being this gigantic economy. I
would have guessed that we're like 30%
of their exports, but we're only 17 and
they're only 7% of
ours. So, I'm kind of surprised because
maybe both sides can absorb a lot of
pain um at least in terms of price for a
while. Uh so, the US is a critical
market, but it's 17% of China's exports.
And uh China has diversified trade
partners so they can trade with other
people but that's not something that can
happen quickly. Um the US could face
inflation and trouble cutting interest
rates. Yes. So there'll be
domestic domestic upheaval in the US and
maybe some inflation almost certainly
some inflation. Um it would take years
for the US to build domestic
manufacturing. So that's not going to
happen right away.
uh public tolerance for this economic
interruption is a wild card as in it's a
wild card. So if Trump doesn't sell this
and it doesn't show some kind of quick
benefits, it's going to be a problem.
Um, China can deploy funds quickly uh to
offset their losses so they can just
pump some money into their into their
economy, but that's not good either
because it inflates property bubbles and
creates more debt and they're not really
so stable that they want to do that.
Um, but their uh manufacturing base is
unmatched. It would be hard for us to
get a lot of stuff anywhere else. So,
for example, the uh antibiotics and rare
earth minerals and stuff like that, we
would just be sort of analog and for a
long time. Uh there's there's stuff we
we couldn't simply go to our allies such
as Australia. They have a lot of rare
earth stuff. Uh they just wouldn't have
enough. So even if we tried to employ
every one of our allies all around the
world and that would include like I
guess Japan does a lot of refining of
stuff that comes from Australia, the
rare earth stuff and there are other
bunch of other markets that have some
rare earth stuff but if you added it all
together it doesn't come really too
close to the amount we're getting from
China or have
been. Uh let's see what else. So my
question also
was could the US form an economic
trading block that competes with China
completely? In other words, is there
anything that China is doing that we
couldn't in let's say two
years find other countries that do it.
So for example uh you know I said
Australia has a you know has a booming
rare earth minerals
business but it would have to boom a lot
more and very quickly for it to make up
the difference. Could it is that
something that they could just spin up
in two years? I mean it's already in
operating you know it's already fully
operating maybe. I don't know. Um, but
the other places you could get rare
earths are a let's see besides
Australia, Canada. Um, Japan, Canada
might be mad at
us. Anyway, so the rare earth mineral
thing looks like a big problem. You
couldn't easily do
that.
Um, the making of
electronics. Did you know that uh who is
the second biggest maker of electronics
after China? It turns out it was the
US. I thought the US had just lost its
ability to do everything, but the US is
the second biggest maker of
electronics. Um, South Korea and Japan
have some have a lot of game as well.
So, there might be some things that
South Korea and Japan could pick up in
the short run. But the
US looks like maybe it could make if it
had the rare earth minerals, it looks
like it could make a lot of stuff.
Pharmaceuticals. Um, China has a lot of
pharmaceuticals. But did you know that
pharmaceutical the other big
pharmaceutical makers are India, the
United States? Again, I didn't realize
that the United States was actually
still big in pharma, but I think we're
um third uh after India and the and
China. But also Germany, Italy, Ireland,
France, Switzerland, Japan, and the UK
all have pretty robust pharmaceutical
businesses. Israel does too. They've got
one of the biggest
um what do you call it? Generic one of
their one of their biggest companies in
Israel is a generic pharma
company. And Trump said we're going to
be announcing very shortly a major
tariff on
pharmaceuticals. Um he said when they
hear that uh they're going to leave
China and going to reopen their plants
all over the place in our country. Now
here's a question.
If you had to design a
pharmaceutical operation from scratch,
that feels like it would take a long
time because you'd have to really think
through, you know, what devices do I
need and how many people and how big is
the building and all these decisions.
But if you're just trying to
clone an operation that's already up and
running in another country, let's say
China, how long does that
take? Because don't you already have the
plans? Now you'd have to make them, you
know, meet US building standards and
stuff. But I wonder if there's actually
a fast way for the pharma that's
operating in China but is owned by US or
other countries. I wonder if there's a
fast way just to clone him. Say just
build the same thing. Well, just make
sure it meets US building
standards. We'll find out. Then there's
a risk that uh China could sell its US
treasuries. How many times have you been
told that the uh US treasuries are
substantially owned by China? So it's
like China owns the United States
because they, you know, own our
treasuries. Well, apparently China's
ownership is only 7.4% of foreign held
US
debt. and it's way down from what it
used to be. Um, so it was much bigger in
2012 and 2016. So that doesn't seem like
a big risk. You know, even if they and
if they tried selling those treasuries,
it could uh it'd be bad for us because
it would increase our borrowing costs.
Um, but China would be devaluing its own
holdings and weakening the wand, which
would hurt its export business. So
everything's so connected that anything
we do to China is bad for us. Anything
China does for does to us is bad for
them.
Um then in a uh unrelated
topic, I forget his first name, but
who's the comedian whose last name is
Schultz? and he's it looks like he's
trying to maybe pivot from being just a
stand-up comedian to being a politically
relevant voice and he doesn't exactly
have the skills for that but he's making
a a game effort at it. Um, but here's
what he said recently on I think he was
talking to Chimath on his podcast and he
said uh Schul said if Trump announces at
the end of the year we're eradicating
income tax for people making under
150,000 midterms are going
red now. Do you think that's true?
if if the only thing Trump did is said
no no no federal income taxes under
$150,000 because he has hinted that that
might be a thing he do. He's also hinted
that he might raise taxes on
the richest people, people who make over
a million dollars a year, I
think. Do you think that would be enough
to make the midterms go red? I
don't. I mean, probably wouldn't hurt,
but uh I think the tariff thing and
interest rates and the cost of a banana
are going to overwhelm those things.
But, uh it certainly would be popular. I
don't know how we could afford it, but
it might be
popular. Um there's another big problem
called the basis
trade. Now, here's something I never
heard of, but apparently this affects
the US hedge funds. Now, the hedge funds
and other big investment places, they
can bet on just about anything. They can
bet on the future. You know, will the
future be better or worse than you
thought? Will these securities go up or
down? But they can also bet on price
differences.
So apparently hedge funds have big bets
on the price difference between the US
Treasury
bonds and
uh another financial tool called
futures. So the actual price versus the
future price of the US Treasury bonds.
And apparently this bet went very wrong
because of the new tariffs. Uh so there'
be a somewhat devastating financial loss
for these hedge funds. To which I say,
isn't that what makes them a hedge
fund? It's not a it's not like it's some
kind of guaranteed
annuity. The whole point of a hedge
fund is uh the point of a hedge fund is
that it's a riskier business and they're
making bets that other people don't
make. And maybe they got this one wrong.
So, I don't know how how many of you
have investments in a hedge
fund. I mean, I'm doing all right in
life, but I've never had a penny in a
hedge
fund. It just seems like that's the
super rich thing to do, not not just the
you're doing well thing to do. I don't
know how big a deal that
is. Well, another drama. This is kind of
fun. Um, so Elon Musk of course is all
in on Doge, but tariffs are not part of
Doge. So Musk is apparently taking a
view that's more um
anti-tariff. Um, I haven't I don't quite
understand his full point of view, but
what I appreciate is that he's acting
like the head of a car company. So he's
acting
like a a manufacturer and he has every
right to promote what's good for his
stockholders and what's good for his
companies and
he's he would like fewer tariffs
basically um because it's going to be
real expensive for him even though it
turns out that um the top four cars made
in America that are made mostly in
America with American parts and assembly
in America. The top four are all
Teslas. So, he's ab he's absolutely
killing it compared to anybody else in
making things in America, but you can't
get everything. So, he's still got some
things that would get really expensive.
And so, I don't mind that he's fully
pro- Doge. At the same time, he's
advising Trump that tariffs are a
mistake. I like it when smart people
disagree. And as long as you know that,
you know, he he's operating not as a
Doge head when he makes these comments.
He's operating as a head of a, you know,
major manufacturing
entity. That's fine. I mean, we It's not
like we're confused. It's not like we
see him as not the head of Tesla or
something. So, yes. Um, I don't know
what's true in an absolute, but when I
see the head of a giant manufacturing
company arguing for things that would be
good for the manufacturing
company, that's okay. Yeah, that's
that's what you'd expect. But he's
getting in a
shouting or let's say an insult match
with Peter Navaro. This is where it gets
funny. Uh so he labeled Musk labeled
Navaro's comments uh as dumber than a
sack of bricks and called him a on
axe. Uh he called his claims
demonstrabably false and he cited
Tesla's high US content. So I guess
Navaro may may have made some claims
about uh Musk and Tesla that weren't
quite
true. But then
uh so Mr. Navaro
uh Peter Navaro denied that there's any
kind of rift between them. And right
after he denied that there's a rift,
Musk Musk called him on X, Peter
[Laughter]
Rardo.
Oh, sorry. Allergies are getting me.
Peter Rardo.
Anyway,
um what I'd love to hear is what Elon
Musk's
alternative plan
is. So, um if he's got a plan that's
better than what Trump is doing, why
wouldn't I want to hear it? Why wouldn't
Trump want to hear it? But I just don't
know if he's in a situation to be as
completely independent in his thought as
you would want somebody to be because
he's he's got an you know fiduciary
responsibility to his
stockholders which it looks like he's
taking seriously. So that's fine. People
can disagree. uh press secretary Carolyn
Leit
um said that uh boys will be boys and
she said Trump is staying out of it.
Trump staying out of it is exactly the
right
thing. We don't need Trump getting into
that. It's funny enough as it is. So
just just leave it where it
is. Uh according to Zero Hedge,
um there are many billions of dollars of
uh factories being cancelled in the
United States that were going to make uh
batteries for electric cars. And I guess
the uncertainty of the future of
electric cars because of Trump's ruling,
you know, we went from the future has to
be lots of electric cars under Biden to
you don't need an electric car. you
know, you buy whatever the market wants.
So, it it made suddenly these
multi-billion dollar investments in
building battery making plants in the
United States, it just suddenly turned
them into a bad idea because you don't
even know if people are going to want
more electric cars in the future or at
least enough to build all these
factories. So, that's a big
negative. Here's a little update on the
Do you remember the story of the Open AI
whistleblower who was ruled to have
committed suicide
um before he was finished with his
whistleblowing? And a lot of people,
including his family, said,
"The scene of the crime does not look at
all like any kind of suicide because it
looked like there was some kind of a
struggle." And there was no indication
he was suicidal. And basically, the the
facts didn't add up. But the uh chief
medical examiner said, "Oh, that's
that's him suicide right there." And now
the uh the latest information is that
the parents say there's strong evidence
that he was shot twice in the
head.
Now I suppose there could be some room
for
doubt cuz one of the shots had something
to do with his tongue and the other one
was not anywhere near his tongue. So if
something affected his tongue, like a
bullet, and something affected a
completely different part of his head
that didn't first or second hit his
tongue, it would sort of suggest that
there were a second bullet. Now, nobody
commits suicide by shooting themselves
in the head
twice.
So I'll tell you what this makes me
think. You know how smart it was when we
saw Soros funding all these district
attorneys and attorney generals and
stuff? We thought, man, he's so smart
because he figured out the least
expensive
way to control important things such as
the Department of Justice. Well, what
would be better than bribing the chief
medical examiner in some
town? I feel like you could literally
get away with murder as long as the
chief medical examiner was in your
pocket and you blackmail them somehow or
you threatened
them. that that would be almost as good
as the Soros thing, maybe better. So,
I'm not going to make any accusations
about this particular chief medical
examiner. I guess the parents are all
over it. But, uh, I'll just note that
you would only have to flip one person
to turn a murder into a
suicide. Just one person. And how easily
can one person become corrupted in our
world? really really
easily. We see it every day with the
judges, you know, being
weird. Here's a story that I kept
ignoring, but um it seems that the
public is very interested in it. And
it's that uh would be assassin of Trump,
the golf course one, Ryan Ruth, the one
who's still alive. And the news is that
um prior to the assassination, he had
tried to get a Stinger missile from
Ukraine.
[Music]
Um now I guess the way people are
interpreting that is that Ukraine was
maybe involved in plotting the
assassination of Trump, but I don't
think there's any connection because
it's not like he got it. If if Ukraine
sold him a Stinger missile and it came
from the military or something, then I'd
say, "Whoa, what's going on here?" But
the fact he tried to get one because he
had some he had some connection with
Ukraine. He was doing some uh I don't
know, some kind of recruiting from other
countries for Ukraine.
So, I'm not sure that uh
um I guess he said in a message at some
point, the postmillennials writing about
this, "Send me an RPG, a rocket proper
build grenade or a stinger and I'll see
what we can
do."
[Music]
Um and he was doing that with associates
in Ukraine, but you know, Ukraine is
just completely corrupt.
So that doesn't mean that the government
of Ukraine was in on it. It could have
been any corrupt people who had access
to that stuff, which is a lot of corrupt
people.
Anyway, so it it definitely raises a
flag to look into the Ukraine
connection, but I would say it's not
demonstrated yet. He definitely has a
Ukraine connection. So, we know he's
connected to Ukraine and we know he
asked to get this weapon, but that
doesn't necessarily mean that the
government of Ukraine was behind
it. According to the Washington Times,
Mike Glenn is writing about this. The uh
Pentagon is going to offer back pay and
benefits to troops who are forced out to
over the co mandates.
Um, apparently there were 8,700
ex-service members who were forced out
of the military over refusing the uh
jabs, I guess. Uh, and now the
uh
um they're they're going to be offered
their old jobs back and
back. That feels fair, doesn't it?
I like that because I I like when the
military gets their their
due. So that's
good. Um here's another activist judge
story. The Daily Wire, Luke Rosiac's
reporting. So the uh calls it activist
judges um have been rubber stamping
billions in suspect social security
disability claims. So apparently what's
been happening is that when the Social
Security Administration looks at
somebody's claim that they're disabled
and therefore they're claiming they
should be paid forever by Social
Security for their disability. If the
Social Security says, "No, you're not
disabled. You can work." They still have
a legal path. So they can go to a judge
and the judge can decide if they're
disabled. Now, how does a judge even
decide if somebody's disabled? I don't I
don't know how that works, but
apparently there are a number of judges
who pretty much will say yes to 95% or
so of all cases. That would be
95% of people who had already been
rejected by the experts of Social
Security who said who would say, "You're
not disabled."
And then the judge says, "Yes, you are."
So, you get money forever. And they say
it pretty much every
time. Does that seem fair to
you? Doesn't sound fair to
me. So, that sounds pretty much like a
rigged
system. Um, there's another uh according
to our Technica, John Brodkin, uh,
there's another court siding with the
Trump
administration. Um and it's about uh
access to personal data. So now a
appeals court said that Doge can access
personal data held by the US Department
of Education and the Office of Personnel
Management and that overturns a an order
from a lower court judge. Hey, I have a
question. when the Supreme
Court ruled that Judge Biasberg, I call
him Biasberg,
um didn't have the standing to rule
about some illegals who were in Texas
because he the judge was in DC.
Did that mean that that set a standard
that none of the judges can do um
national rulings if they're only local
and whatever the problem was wasn't just
a local
problem. Does that generalize? Because
it seems like that would be an enormous
story and I've seen some references to
it but I don't feel like it's being
treated as an enormous story.
So can somebody give me a fact check on
that? Um is it true that the Supreme
Court has in effect without saying it
directly created a situation where these
individual judges can't stop Trump
uh and if they've been let's say shopped
to find somebody who will say no you
can't do this nationwide thing. So, is
that the end of rogue judges saying you
can't do a nationwide thing, or is that
too
optimistic? All right. Well, I'll keep
looking in your
comments. Uh, it was not a ruling on
nationwide
injunctions. Um, you're a retired
lawyer. So even though it's not ruling
on nationwide
injunctions, did it not set the standard
for what a judge could do? Meaning that
you would know in advance that the
Supreme Court would overturn it if it
was another one of these situations
where the judge was in DC and the
problem was in, you know, Texas or
Florida or something.
So even if it's not a a
precedent, doesn't it tell you which way
it's going to
go? I guess that's a
precedent. All right. So it's a
precedent but not a
ruling. It's influential but not pre a
precedent. All right. I I'll look for a
little more guidance on that. But if it
had been a if it had shut down the
ability of these judges to rule anywhere
in the country, even if they were not,
you know, the judge that should rule
anywhere in the country. If that were
true, it seems like it would be the news
all over the place. So, I'm feeling like
it's not exactly the
news. Well, let's talk about water
fluoridation. of fluoride in the water.
According to the children's health
defense, Brenda Bleti is writing that
water fluoride is linked to autism and
other developmental
delays. So, there's a study that says uh
it did lower the risk for tooth decay.
So, that's the good news. The fluoride
did that. Uh but a higher risk for
neurode neurodedevelopmental disorders.
um according to a peer-reviewed
study and uh apparently there's a more
there's more likelihood of autism or uh
attention deficit, hyperactivity,
uh intellectual disabilities, and
specific
delays. That's kind of scary. How many
of you had fluoride in your water when
you were a
kid? Um I did not. Now, I've had plenty
of fluoride in my water as an adult, but
we had a uh a private
well, so we had lots of
cavities. Lots of
cavities. Oh, lots of cavities. Uh but I
didn't get ADHD or one of these other
problems. So, maybe that's one data
point, so I wouldn't make too much of a
judgment over it.
Well, according to the LBC, uh, London
has fallen out of the top five
wealthiest cities in the world because
the millionaires are getting out of
there. Are you surprised that the
millionaires are leaving
London? No, you're not. I think London's
going to fall. All right, let's do an
update on the stock
market. Uh, Dow is down a little, NASDAQ
is up a little, S&P is down a little.
Um, Bitcoin's down a little. Yeah, it's
bouncing
around. Yeah,
the Yeah, it looks like
uh You're surprised that I'm not on the
spectrum? As far as I know, I'm not on
the spectrum. I mean, that's not my
understanding of myself, but I suppose
anything's possible.
Um, Mike Benz has a prediction.
uh you know in uh Germany there's a
party called the AFD and they're the uh
some would call them the right-wing
party but basically the most republicany
looking entity there they have now
become the most popular party and Ben is
uh saying historic white pill he says
this an X the white house and US state
department must be ready to respond when
the German government inevitably arrests
AFD party leaders and threatens to
cancel
elections. Now, this is an interesting
prediction because Benz is looking at
the pattern of, you know, populist or
right-leaning governments and how if
they get close to power like Trump, the
lawfare comes out and they just try to
arrest them. And it might be because
other countries are involved. It might
be just because they know it works. So,
as I often say, the closest you can get
to understanding reality is a narrative
that predicts. So, Mike Ben has a
narrative, which is whenever a party
like this gets close to power that there
will be some fake legal
uh activism against them to try to jail
them so that they can't take power.
That's a pretty
specific uh prediction. So if you're
wondering is that
narrative that whenever this kind of
person gets close to power or this kind
of people that there's always lawfare
that takes him out or at least attempted
lawfare in in Trump's case. That's a
very specific prediction and I've got a
feeling he's going to be right about
this. So, it's kind of gutsy to make the
call, but it does look like it's heading
that direction. So, I think Mike Benz
might be on to something. He might be on
to something. All right, ladies and
gentlemen. Um, the big story is still
the tariffs. Um, I don't think that
anything that anybody's saying about
tariffs is completely
believable unless it's really generic. I
don't think we really know how long
China can last. I don't think we know
how long we can last.
Um, but I do agree this is the time for
the fight. It's not going to get better.
So, if we're going to fight, might as
well do it now. Now, we should I think
we have to uh
acknowledge that it would affect
different people very differently.
Um, personally, I'm getting
slammed. So, it's very expensive for me.
Um, but I can, you know, I can take the
hit.
So, I definitely am going to feel bad
for anybody who's going to lose their
business because it looks like there's
going to be quite a bit of that. And
anybody who is looking to retire and
they were depending on their stocks to
do it. I'm not going to be the guy who
says, "Why was your money in stocks if
you're ready to retire?
It's a fair question, but it's such a
dickish thing to say that I think I'll
stay off that. Um, so there are a lot of
people who are definitely going to
suffer potentially or actually because
of the tariff fight. On the other hand,
what exactly was the
alternative? The alternative is that we
just keep getting beaten up by other
countries for reasons that don't make
sense. So, it was time. And I think if
Trump pulls this off, even though
there's going to be a lot of
salesmanship and hyperbole and a lot of
BS that goes into the claims and the
counter claims, um, if we get to
anything
good, it will look like the one of the
greatest things that any president ever
did. If it doesn't
work, um, we probably have a few years
where where we have to do major
adjustments to our economy to bring, you
know, manufacturing here and find other
sources of things. But it seems like we
have two
possibilities. One is we get China to
treat us in a way that we consider fair.
That'd be great. The other thing is that
we create a let's say a trading block
with our other allies in which we can
get everything we need not necessarily
made in this country but everything we
need from some of them.
So, as long as we're getting some of
them, uh, you know, in other words, if
we're getting their rare earth minerals
from Australia and Japan is refining
them for us, and you know, South Korea
is maybe building some factories in the
US to make some more electronics on our
soil. And you know, maybe Canada
starts, maybe we become friends with
Canada again, maybe Greenland,
uh maybe Ukraine come up with some rare
earth minerals. So I don't know if China
wants to win this or lose this. Just
consider
this. If if
China surrenders on tariffs and just
says, "All right, all right." you know,
we'll we'll start treating you more
fairly. Is that going to be good or bad
for
China? I think the worst thing for China
would be to not give in to anything and
then force us to kind of suck in for two
years until we find an entire trading
block that can do everything they can do
and then they will be
unnecessary and then it's a whole
different world. So it seems to me that
China has two choices. One, maintain a
lot of good business by treating us
fairly or two, lose everything that they
were doing with the United States
forever because we would never never
trade with them again once we build
alternative
sources. I feel like they would rather
have some leverage over us. So, for
their own strategic reasons, I think
they need to
surrender. Um, but they have to make it
look like it was, you know, a win-win
and not a surrender. So, don't be
surprised if at some point something
like, well, maybe our diplomats should
meet your diplomats and talk about this,
or maybe we should come up with a grand
deal. I wouldn't be surprised. And I'm
not even sure if I'm gonna if I'm
rooting for them to cave or I'm rooting
for them to not
cave because by far our better situation
would be we create a trading block with
the rest of the world where the rest of
the world is providing us everything we
were getting from China plus a lot of it
being made locally plus we learn how to
make factories again.
So, we can either win or lose, but I
think we win both
ways. It feels like it. It feels like we
win. We have two ways to win and no way
to lose. Now, one of the one of the ways
to win will be really painful. If we
have to wait two years, I'll just pick
that number. If we had to wait two years
for, you know, alternative sources of
pharmaceuticals and uh and rare earth
minerals to be available, that could be
a real painful two years. But boy, would
we be happy when that was over,
right? So, uh remember my other
prediction? My other prediction that the
stock market would come down around 20%.
But then the psychology of investors
would kick in and people would feel
like, huh,
20%. That's a buying opportunity. So, I
think we're seeing it bounce around like
teasing that 20% and it might keep doing
that. So, you might have your up days
and your down days, but I feel like when
it gets near
20%, you're going to have about as many
buyers as you have sellers. So, it might
stabilize there for a while until we get
better clarity.
All right, I'm going to say a few words
to the locals people privately. The rest
of you, thanks for
joining. Nice to see you. I'll see you
same time
tomorrow for even more fun. All right,
locals, I'll see you in 30
seconds.
Oh, we've got a
problem. All right, so it's not working.
Um, when it doesn't work, what I've
learned is that I have to turn off the
uh turn off the app and then resign in
and then kill it. So, it doesn't look
like I'll be able to go private with the
locals people. I didn't have much to
say, so you're not missing anything.
But, I'm going to disappear and then I'm
going to find a way to uh cut the feed
by reopening.