I guess those tariff exemptions were
good. Even Tesla's up. Nvidia's up. S&P
500, Apple's up
4.4%.
Nice. All right, let's get our comments
going and then we'll have a show for
you. You'll love it.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you want to take a chance of even making
it yet better, all you need for that is
a cup or a glass of tanker gel in a
canteen jugger flask vessel of any kind.
Fill it with your favorite liquid. I
like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the dopamine
hit of the day. The thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. And it happens
now. Good stuff. Well, if you subscribe
to the Dilbert comic, Dilbert Reborn
it's called, which you can only see if
you're subscribing either on Axe or on
locals, you would know that Dilbur's
company is having a problem with
China. So, China is uh going to steal
the IP of Dilbur's company and Dilbert's
going to try to fix that by moving his
manufacturing to
Albonia. Things don't go well.
That's all I can tell you. It doesn't go
well. All right. Uh let's see if there's
any science that didn't need to happen.
Oh, here's one. Uh did you know
according to Neuroscience News that uh
shared meals strongly linked to greater
happiness? So, one in four people don't
eat a meal with other people, but the
people who eat with other people are
happier.
Um, I think they could have just asked
me on that one. Do you know why people
don't eat with other
people because they don't have any
friends or family to eat
with? Pretty much everybody who has a
some kind of a functional social life is
eating with other people. So, yeah, I
think I could have told you that you'd
be happier if your social life is good
enough that at least one person wants to
eat with you. If you can't find even one
person, you know, you're probably lonely
and
single. All right. Well, you probably
heard that there was a disgusting arson
attack against uh Pennsylvania Governor
Josh Shapiro. Um, this one's a really
scary one. This is really scary. So
apparently the attacker, some
30-year-old 38-year-old
guy, he forcibly entered the residence
while the family was asleep and set fire
to the place while the family was
asleep. Now, luckily, it looks to me
like the governor's residence is a
pretty big place, so people must have
seen it and called it in. and the police
department uh or I'm sorry, the fire
department put it out and rescued the
family. So, the family is okay. Uh I'd
like to disavow that violence. I don't
know what the purpose was. We don't know
anything about the the perpetrator, but
uh I don't want to be like those
Democrats who don't disavow the domestic
terrorism against Tesla. So, the first
thing I did was disavow.
uh David Axelrod, you know, notable
Democrat advisor type. Uh he he
politicized it right
away and he goes, "Uh where where's the
pus the president? Did I miss it or has
he not said or posted a word about it
yet?" Well, that's a good question. Um,
I would have liked to see Trump
immediately respond to that and say that
it's a horrible thing. But, uh, JD Vance
did. He says, uh, Vance said, uh, thanks
be to God that Governor Shapiro and his
family were unharmed in this attack.
Really disgusting violence. I hope
whoever did it is brought swiftly to
justice. So, at least we got JD Vansson
there. Um, I'll be interested to see
what Trump says.
uh cuz he's so unpredictable, you know,
with his chaos and
everything. Well, I guess the uh all
female crew on the Jeff Bezos rocket um
they've already gone up and spent 10
minutes in space and they're already
down. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but
none of them were driving the driving
the rocket, right? It must have been all
automated because the people who were on
the trip uh it included one former NASA
scientist but the rest just seemed to be
celebrities and one wife of
Bezos. So they were just sort of along
for the ride, right? I don't know. So, I
guess nobody was driving that thing, but
it's back
safely. And
uh I don't I I don't know what was the
point of the all female crew. What did
we really need to do? An all female
crew given that there was no skill
whatsoever
involved. Had it been a skill job where,
you know, you had highly trained people,
then I would say, "Wow, an all female
crew, you know, maybe that's saying
something." But if they're just
literally just sitting there as
passengers, why do they have to be all
female? Because women can be passengers,
too. Every guy who's ever been married
knows that women can be passengers. How
how much do they drive the car when
you're both in the car? Yeah, I think
women can be passengers. I'm glad we got
I'm glad we settled
that. Well, Trump had his uh had his
physical and it was official um document
that came out from the doctors, I guess.
And it it didn't have the amusing
hyperbole that I was expecting, but he
does look healthier than 90% of the
public, you know, given the details and
and the report. He looks pretty damn
healthy.
Um, but they had to they had to work in
because it's Trump, he got the doctors
to work in something about his busy
schedule. They, you know, he's healthy
enough to do a busy schedule with lots
of meetings. And then this this phrase
is actually in his medical report,
quote, and
frequently and frequent victories in
golf
events. Frequent victories in golf
events. Can you imagine your your doctor
putting that on your your
physical? It's the only thing I'll
remember. He had frequent victories in
golf events. That's how healthy he is.
Well, uh, Corey Booker was on NBC's, uh,
show with Kristen Welker, and, uh, she
asked him if he had any actual evidence
for his accusation that the Trump
administration is somehow profiting
from, uh, tariffs and that it's all kind
of a oligarchic scheme to help Trump and
his
cronies. And he had absolutely no answer
for that because it's imaginary. Um, but
the closest he got was there's enough
smoke here that it should be, you know,
investigated and Congress should be in
charge and all that. And I'm thinking to
myself, if somebody asks for
evidence and you say there's plenty of
smoke, don't you need to list the
smoke? You know, even if it's not proof,
say, well, you know, there's this and
there's that. Where's the smoke? I don't
see any. Uh, I'm going to take this uh
concern and assign it to the Department
of Imaginary
Concerns because once again, Cy Booker
is hallucinating a problem that is not
part of the real world. But I suppose
anything's possible in the future. So,
he's got an imaginary concern about the
future, which will be handled by the
Department of Imaginary Concerns. But
what about Elizabeth Warren?
Um she was on ABC and she said it's time
for Congress right now to step in to the
emergency that Donald Trump has created.
The emergency is created. I don't
remember that. Um and roll back his
chaos. H is chaos. What problems is that
causing? The stock market's up again
today. And uh opportunities for
corruption that he's now exploiting.
Huh. Well, I don't know if any
opportunities for corruption that he's
now
exploiting. Does she? Nope. I'm going to
assign that to the Department of
Imaginary
Concerns. Now, here's a game you can
play at home. Turn on CNN at any time of
day and then if it's not a commercial,
if it's the actual news, see how long
before the word chaos appears in the uh
program. It will be so fast it'll make
you laugh. Usually less than one minute.
Um here's an example. So uh then
Elizabeth Warren was on
CNN and Jake Tapper asked the following
question. given all the chaos. That's
how he started his question. Given all
the chaos. So obviously he's on team
chaos. Uh and he asked her a question
and then here's their
answer. Um you know, look, the way I
look at this is that Donald Trump has
created a lot of
chaos. They've got this one thing.
That's all they have. Now, some of you
are wondering when is Trump going to get
rid of this chaos thing. Um, you know,
because you could reframe it. You could
you could pretend chaos is good, but
that's a tough one because it doesn't
sound good. Um, but you could laugh at
it. All they have is this chaos thing.
Anyway, the Department of Imaginary
Concerns,
um, I saw in the Wall Street Journal
somebody somebody's opinion that, uh,
the exemptions for the iPhone, which I'm
not sure how real that is, um, puts
Apple at the mercy of
Trump. Is that true? If you were Apple,
would you now be scared to death that if
you don't do everything Trump wants, um
he's going to put a tariff on your
phones
again?
Probably. Probably. Yeah, I guess uh
President Blly is going to meet with
Trump today and they're going to have a
meeting. U the the one thing I like
about Trump meeting with Boulli is that
Boulli is the bad cop.
No matter how bad Trump is, it's not
going to look it's not going to look as
badass as B. Kelly with his gigantic
prisons. Now, I've got a question about
those
prisons. Do they put those people in
there
forever or do they get out someday?
Because I don't remember anything about,
you know, their legal rights or
anything. So I got big big questions but
there's no doubt that whatever Buily is
doing it's working. Now the interesting
thing is remember the case of the
individual who was uh accidentally sent
back to El Salvador and the reason that
he didn't want to go to El Salvador
specifically that's where he came from
is that it was too dangerous and he
wanted
asylum but since any of that happened
correct me if I'm wrong El Salvador is
the safest place on
earth So he didn't want to go back to
the safest place on earth. I mean, you
know, maybe the people who were after
him were the few people who were not in
that gigantic jail, but uh I don't know.
So apparently the the number of uh law
firms that have made deals with Trump,
these would be the law firms that were
involved in any kind of law affair
against Trump and you know he he decided
to go after them and threaten to pull
all their security clearance and
contracts with the government which
would be a lot of money. And so now the
collectively all of those law firms have
promised as part of the negotiation
collectively altogether $1 billion in
pro bono
work. So in theory Trump has a billion
dollars of the top
lawyers in the country to do his
bidding. The same ones who went after
him.
Now, that doesn't sound like the best
deal in the world
because how much effort are they going
to put into a pro bono deal to help the
guy that they want to
destroy? Don't you think that if they
were working on a deal for Trump, if it
if it were about Trump, I wouldn't trust
them at all? Uh yeah, we we took care of
that. Uh the bills u $20 million for 10
minutes of work and uh yeah we we
crossed every te and dotted every eye. I
don't think so. But uh I did hear that
Trump was thinking about using them to
negotiate trade deals which might be
actually kind of genius because the law
firms don't want to have bad trade
deals. You know that that it wouldn't be
so much about Trump. it would just be
about America versus whoever we're
trading with. So that might work
interestingly. So as you you might have
heard that Trump is going to he wants to
pave over the rose garden and put a
ballroom there cuz if you're Trump, you
need a lot of ballroom. You know what I
mean? A lot of it. Um, but I didn't
realize, you know, the first time I
heard this story and the the 10th time I
heard it, I didn't realize that there
was a good reason to get rid of the uh
rose garden cuz apparently when they do
events out there, if uh the grass is a
little wet, like you you can't wear high
heels and it's sort of a mess. So yeah,
if they can't fix that and and you can
only use it when the weather is just so,
might as well have a ballroom. Actually,
that makes perfect sense to
me. So, Trump is mad at the uh the TV
show 60 Minutes again. I guess uh on
Sunday they had at least two segments
that he considers dishonestly negative
to him and he just he just went off on
him and uh claims claim you know he's
already claimed that they rigged the uh
interview with Kla Harris to edit in
answers that didn't sound stupid and so
he's already suing now he's calling for
their license to be
revoked 60
Do you think that's too
far? I don't know.
Because they definitely don't don't seem
to be acting like a news
program, but they're presenting
themselves as some kind of objective,
you know, trusting news source, but they
are a little bit more on the propaganda
side. So, he's got a good case there.
We'll
see. Stephen A. Smith
um was asked yet again on one of the one
of the shows uh if he's thinking about
running for president. Now remember the
question is are you thinking about it
not are you going to do it and he said I
have no
choice. I have no choice. Uh he says
that a whole bunch of important people
and elected officials are coming up to
him and asking him, you know, to run
because they think he'd be good. But uh
he just signed a massive deal with ESPN,
the the kind that you know completely
changed his life. The money is just
gigantic. And you would have to give
that up if he ran for
president. And so I'm going to predict
because he mentioned that as well. I'm
going to predict that nobody gives up
that much money to run for president. So
I think he's having fun with it. uh in
the same way Trump used to, you know,
just sort of tease that you might do it.
And I don't know how old he is. Stephen
A. Smith, he's in good shape, so you
know, could be anything.
Um, but it would make sense for him to
run out his ESPN contract, having people
begging him to be running for president,
and then decide if he wants to run for
president after he's done with ESPN.
So maybe unless he gets another enormous
deal, he
might. So accord according to Fox News,
there's at least one retailer, I think
it's a retailer, somebody called Dame Da
M. I don't even know who that is. um
that's going to put the tariff cost on
the bill, the
receipt, so that when you're buying your
stuff, you'll see, you know, the the
taxes and then you'll see the tariff.
And how is Trump going to explain that?
One of the to me the funniest thing
that's happened in a while is that t
remember how Trump started off saying
that China would be paying us all these
tariffs and then the people who know how
tariffs work would say China doesn't pay
the
tariff. It it's the you know the
American company who has the product
who's going to pass that tariff cost
along to the consumer. So the consumer
pays the
tariff unless the American company
absorbs it. And if you start putting the
tariff on the
receipt, doesn't that settle the
question of who's paying it? Because
you're literally you're literally
handing them a credit card and you can
see right there it says here's the
tariff amount.
So, how is Trump going to explain that
China pays the tariff when you've got in
your hand the actual receipt showing
that you paid the
tariff? How many of you knew that that
was never true? That China was paying
billions of dollars in tariffs. Did all
of you know that wasn't true?
But somehow, you know, early on when
Trump was making these claims, the the
uh the news would try to fact check them
and then he'd just sort of talk over
them until the topic changed. And they
finally just gave up on that. They just
stopped fact-checking
it. Somehow he convinced the world that
China was paying the
tariffs. And I've been watching this
with just
amazement, you know? I mean, but how
many of you thought how many of you
thought China was paying the tariffs or
the or any other
country
anyway? It works for him because it, you
know, directionally it gets him what he
wants.
um this whole question about uh tariffs
on iPhones and you know the markets up
because Trump made an exemption for
iPhones and other Chinese-made
electronics but
uh it's not that clear. Trump says
nobody's getting off the hook and
there's you know some kind of tariffs
and other kind of tariffs and there's no
exemption and basically it's completely
impossible to understand. So, I'm not
even going to try to explain it to you
because it looks like it's a moving
target and who knows. It's complicated.
I have no idea what's happening with
iPhones. According to uh PJ Media, Matt
Margolus is writing um the Cash Patel
has released a massive trove of
Crossfire hurricane documents. Now, that
was the operation that created the
Russia collusion hoax.
that one of the new things coming out of
it, I don't know how much will come out
of it, is that one of the main um
sources for for the belief that uh um
Trump was having some kind of
communication with Russia, some
collusion was this guy
Halpern, what was his name? I forget his
first name, but Halpern. So, this was a
a British guy who claimed that uh that
General Flynn had left a 2014 foreign
meeting alone with a Russian scholar
named Fedana something when he was a
three-star general leading the Defense
Intelligence Agency. Now, apparently
that was just made up. And when I think
it was the the FBI realized it was just
made
up, what did they do? Once they realized
it's totally low credibility and their
source is not reliable, what did they
do? What did they do when they found out
Christopher Steel wasn't
reliable? They used it anyway.
So they very clearly knew that they were
putting together a whole bunch of
 and they just did it anyway. So
it's just what you think it was. It was
an op and uh it was completely
illegal and every one of the people
involved should go to jail, but probably
none will.
Well, I was wondering how popular it was
that uh Trump is dismantling the
Department of Education, but according
to Breitbart's Katherine Hamilton, she's
writing about this. Uh Rasmusson had a
poll that 51% of likely US voters think
it's a good
idea. So, Trump once again is on the
side of most Americans, slightly, just
over
50%. But it's still a majority.
So, he's doing a hell of a job of being
on the right side of things, at least in
terms of the majority of the
country. Um, this is fun. There's a new
newly appointed US attorney that handles
the LA area. Um, and he's going to look
into he's going to look into where all
the money went that was supposed to go
to helping the homeless. You know, the
part where it was millions and millions
of dollars and there was just nothing
happened.
What do you think he's going to find?
I'll tell you my my view on the cities
is that they're all criminal
organizations. You can't really
expect to have all these elected
officials whose job it is to decide who
gets the contracts for the millions of
dollars that are flowing through. You
can't expect that not to be
corrupt. It's designed so you're just
begging for it. Of course they're
corrupt every time, probably every city.
Doesn't matter red or blue because you
put people in that position and they're
going to get a lot of offers and some of
them are going to look irresistible. So
yeah, I assume that all the cities are
basically criminal
organizations. Frank L had a amusing
um survey. Uh the first question was uh
America would be better off if more
people worked in
manufacturing. So Americans were asked
you know America would be better off if
more people worked in manufacturing. 80%
agreed. 80% said it'd be good if more
Americans were in manufacturing. But
then he said I would be better off if I
worked in a factory. It turns out the 70
73%
disagree. So this is something I've been
observing for a while.
We Americans think that other Americans
should work in
factories and that they'd be so
happy. Do you know anybody who's ever
worked in a
factory? Were they
delighted? My mother used to uh work in
a factory in uh you know in upstate New
York. She was uh getting the money
together to pay for college for the
kids. and it was a I think it was
minimum wage and her job was to wind
copper um wire around the coils of
speakers. So it was a company that made
stereo speakers and so for eight hours a
day she would just wind wire around a an
object. Do you think she loved it for
minimum I I think it was actually
minimum wage.
She didn't love it. No, she didn't love
it at all, but she did it so that her
kids could go to college. She was
awesome that
way. Um, Fared Zakario said something
that sounds like it came from me, so you
decide. Have you ever heard me say this?
He said that the uh the upcoming
negotiations over tariffs will
inevitably result in an orgy of
corruption. No, that's not what I said.
But he gives the reason. He says the
reason is uh it will create a lot of
complexity because tariffs are complex
and that whenever you introduce
complexity, you almost always introduce
the opportunity for cronyism and
fraud. Right? This is exactly what I've
been saying. Wherever you see complexity
and there's money involved, somebody's
stealing. Complexity is where you hide
all the bad stuff. So, yes, uh we should
be we should be worrying about this.
This is actually a good point. The more
complicated our trade deals are, the
more likely somebody's skimming because
it'll be harder to find. So, I think
he's right on on this and it's something
that we need to think about. Now, in a
perfect world, the the end of the tariff
negotiations would be no tariffs and
everything would be
simplified, but in the short run, it's
definitely not going to be simplified
because, you know, it's it's getting
fun. So, China's President Xi said that
no one wins in a trade war. So he was
often Vietnam trying to do a deal. And
what do you think of that? No one wins
in a trade war. Now the problem with
that is that I kind of agree that nobody
no one wins in a trade
war. But the problem is that we're
calling it a trade war. It's not a trade
war. It's an attempt to have fair trade.
So we should call it an attempt to have
fair trade, not a trade war. Because
then President Xi has to explain why no
one wins with fair
trade. You know, when he says no one
wins in a trade war, he sounds a little
bit like a burglar who's mad that you
started locking your door. I know. I've
been burglarizing you for 20 years, and
that's worked out great so far. So, when
you lock your door, nobody
wins. Yes, somebody wins. The person who
locked their door.
it it's not like things were great
before the trade
war. So it's a yeah, don't call it a
trade war. Call it a trade
fairness, a trade negotiation. Nobody
wins in a trade negotiation. No, can't
say it.
Uh, apparently China suspended exports
of uh some rare earth minerals and
magnets to the
US.
And I don't know how important those
specific ones were. You know, maybe
that's just like a warning shot to tell
us they can do it. But uh I was looking
at the Amuse
account and uh Amuse had some estimates.
I'm not sure the source of them, but the
estimate is that it would only cost
only, you know, I act like this is only
10 to 15 billion to replace America's
dependence on rare earth
minerals. Um, but it would also take 7
to 10 years.
Yikes. 7 to 10 years. The big problem is
processing, not access. So, finding the
rare earth minerals, not so hard.
They're not that rare. But uh refining
them is something that China is doing
almost all the refining of of that. Now
I asked Grock, are there any rare earth
materials that only China is refining
and that nowhere else in the world can
you even get them? And the answer
is probably everything that China makes
is made at least in small amounts in
other places. For example, Japan does
some, Australia does some, um, you know,
countries that we trade with. Now, if it
took seven to 10 years to build this
capability in America, how long would it
take the countries that are already
doing the refining to increase their
production? Could you go to Japan and
say, "All right, you're already doing a
tiny bit of refining, so you know how to
do it. you know what machines, you know
how to train people. What if we do a
deal with you where we'll give you a
billion dollars to increase your
production um and you know that'll get
paid back by you know lower prices on
rare earth minerals or something. So, I
feel like there might be some way to
incentivize our trading partners that we
like that are safe to to ramp up because
it's got to be easier to ramp up than to
start from zero, especially if you're
doing it in the US with all of our
regulations. And then I say to
myself, is there anybody in the United
States who could take a job that would
normally take seven to 10 years and
figure out how to do it in
three? Elon
Musk. I I hate how many jobs are only
something he could do, but there you are
again. There there's another example. uh
we can only think of one person in the
entire country who could who could take
that seven to 10 years and turn it into
something manageable you know two or
three I don't think he wants to take
that job
but there's only one person who could do
it
anyway we'll see where that goes
um so slowly but ramping up quickly is
uh according to the New York Post,
America is making a a huge
um huge bunch of energy about nuclear
energy. So there's a whole bunch
happening such as uh over 200 bills have
already been introduced that support or
subsidize nuclear energy. Uh 25 states
pass legislation to support advanced
nuclear energy. So, pretty much
everywhere realizes that they're going
to need a lot more electricity. Now, a
lot of it is because of AI. Um, so
nuclear now is looking like the thing
and most of the interest is in these
SMRs, small modular reactors. So, they'd
be about a third the size of a, you
know, a big factory or a big nuclear
plant. But uh since the the big ones
have been built, you know, from the time
I don't know how long it is, but from
the time the first, you know, big
nuclear facility has been built, there
are all kinds of, you know, safety
procedures and things that have been
built into these new ones. So, it'd be a
lot easier to build the small ones
uh as needed and put them wherever you
want. So, nuclear definitely happening
happening fast.
But what about this? According to No
Ridge,
um there's a new chip that could cut
energy use by 99% for AI. So
specifically, they're looking at AI and
it's, you know, massive energy needs.
And they have a chip that uses light
um as its major transmission part within
the chip. And they say they've got a
major
breakthrough. They've created a new kind
of AI hardware that uses light instead
of
electricity. And that alone would reduce
the electrical load by
99%. Now, people who know how the real
world work looked at this story and
said, "Nah, that's not going to be so
easy."
So going from uh you know a laboratory
idea that works in a lab to actually
building chips not easy.
But this is part of my uh
prediction that the the my prediction is
that the prediction of how much energy
we'll need for the next I 20 years is
probably way off because there going to
be a number of people who try to figure
out a lowcost low energy way to do the
things that right now are high energy.
So I think we'll be
okay. It's this fits within the Adams
law of slowmoving disasters. We don't
have enough energy. There's no way
we'll but we have
time. Not a lot of time, but I think
everybody knows it's a problem and a lot
of people are working on it. So, I think
lots more low energy AI stuff is coming.
I
think well you might not know but the
Washington Examiner knows that there are
some Republicans who are not happy at
all with the budget process that the
Trump administration and other
Republicans are trying to push through
because it does not meaningfully cut the
budget to the point where we could
survive.
So, uh I'm totally on board with the
with the
um totally on board with the the
hawks because I think Doge didn't give
us anything close to the savings that we
needed. And I think Trump just took that
Trump basically took the Doge savings
and put it into the military. Exactly
what I was worried was going to happen.
So, it's not really even the savings.
All they did
was move the money somewhere else. So if
I were Elon Musk, I can't even tell you
how mad I would be that I put that much
work in it and I sacrificed, you know,
the my stock price and possibly my
company and even risk my life for
something that in the end I'm not sure
it makes any difference, you know,
unless you think that increase in the
military spending was all worth it. But,
uh, one possibility that the, uh, budget
hawks, the Republicans have, is they'd
like to get some kind of a review panel,
uh, made up of White House officials and
lawmakers to, uh, look at every line
item and make decisions on a line by
line basis. Now, that that would be sort
of like a poor man's doge, you know, it
would be ordinary people instead of
geniuses. But
um I we need to try
something. What what we can't do is just
keep passing these stupid budgets. This
is complete
doom. I I'm not sure if the public has
really processed that we're heading off
a cliff. Maybe maybe we use that too
much. Maybe we're always talking about,
oh, there's going to be a nuclear war.
The drones are going to kill us. You
know, maybe everything sounds like an
emergency. The chaos, the chaos is going
to kill us.
So, it's hard to get people serious
about the budget, but the budget needs a
major haircut or we will not survive as
a country, and it needs to happen pretty
quickly. So, I don't see anything that's
going to make it happen because I think
the budget hawks don't have enough
power. But, we'll see. I'm on their
side.
Well, according to Just the News, it was
a Wisconsin teen who murdered his
parents to come up with the uh finances
to try to assassinate President Trump
and overthrow the
government. I'm going to say that's not
the best plan. Um, but he did kill his
parents and he did get
arrested. So, not the best plan really.
Um George Institute of Technology has a
really cool kind of a um technology. So
they figured out how to put a little
sensor for your brain that's so tiny
that it it kind of slips in where a hair
follicle would slip and
um basically is almost invisible. So if
you had hair it'd be invisible. The hair
would cover it up. So, it fits in the
minuscule spaces between hair follicles
and just slightly under the skin. Now,
of course, it's not fully refined, but
this would give a brain computer
interface so that you didn't have to
walk around looking like a
cyborg. I don't know what is
the upper limit of how good this could
be, but it's kind of
exciting. Doesn't it seem like that
would be kind of exciting? How many of
you would get a brain interface if you
could if nobody could see it and it was
easy to do? Would you do
it? Well, you would if you were a
parapillegic and it helped you walk or
helped you see or something like that.
But do you think you would do it just to
control your computer?
I feel like I would not want to until I
saw other people were doing it and were
doing cool things. They just like look
at something and something
happens. I think I would get jealous
right away. It's like, "Oh man, you've
got that. You've got that
superpower." So, I think I'd want that.
Well, in the funniest story of the day,
um, Representative Jack Kimble
apologized to the public today because,
as he said, I'll just read his his post
then X. I wanted to make a quick
apology. Last night, I referred to
President Boulli of El Salvador as
President
Bukaki. This was the fault of spellch
check and not me. When you type a word,
a lot of a lot spell check will start to
change words that are close to it. I
will be complaining to
Apple. Um, I'd like to give some advice
to the men. Now, this is just for the
men. If your wife or your girlfriend
asks you what that word
means, say you don't
know. Say, "I don't even understand this
story, honey. What's this Bukaki thing?
I never heard of
it. You don't want to apologize for that
publicly. And I do have my questions
about why one person would have bu Kelly
turned into Bukaki.
Doesn't your spell check um correct me
if I'm not wrong, but doesn't your spell
check
uh does isn't it biased towards you've
used
before? Am I wrong about that? Tell me
in the comments because I think if you
never use that
word, your phone would never recommend
it. Doesn't it mean that at some
point? And that's just the question. at
some point, isn't he confessing that
he's written that actual word?
Yeah, it learns,
right? So, yeah. So, good luck,
Representative Jack
Kimble. Good luck at all of
that. All right, that's all I got for
today. Um, stocks are up, everything's
looking good. Remember to read the
Dilbert comic if you subscribe and
you'll see Dilbert's having trouble with
China stealing his IP and he's moving
his production to
Albonia. Doesn't go
well. All right.
Um, yeah, we could test that on our own
phones, but I don't recommend
it. All right. I'm gonna say a few words
privately to the people on locals. my
beloved subscribers and the rest of you.
I'll see you tomorrow. Same time, same
place. Thanks for
joining. All right,
locals coming at you.
Third.