Some good news. The market is up. Tesla
is up. S&P 500 is up. Apple is
up. And Nvidia is
up. Not bad. I think we should do a
show. Let me get my
comments
going. Then we'll have a good time. Are
you ready for a good time?
But you should
be. The news is The news is pretty weird
today. Come on, technology. There we
go. You were fighting me, but I
[Music]
won. Good morning, everybody, and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time. But if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains, all you need is
cuper mug or a glass of tank or chalice
a canteen jug of flask vessel of any
kind. Fill it with your favorite liquid.
I like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine hit
of the day, the thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. It's going to happen
right now.
Go
deal.
Exquisite. Well, the news is all kind of
small and weird today. Most of the
stories aren't that big, but they're all
kind of interesting and weird. So, we'll
have some fun today.
Well, according to the New York Times,
the White House is trying to figure out
how to persuade Americans to get married
and have more kids because if we don't,
all of America will be uh destroyed by
lack of birth
rate. Uh some ideas that are floating
would be $5,000 baby bonus. Who would
have a baby for
$5,000?
You'd have to be really bad at math or
something to have a baby for
$5,000. Imagine how bad you'd have to be
at math. It's like
$5,000. Wow. I can raise this baby for
18 years and I've got a little extra
left
over. I don't know. It's going to have
to be more than
that. And there's something about
reserving fullbrite scholarships for
married applicants with children. I
don't know. That seems small.
But we'll see what they come up with. I
would say it's too early to judge it.
Uh, how many of you saw the weird uh
Easter picture of the Biden family
posing on some steps to the house? And
it seems obvious that Joe Biden is
photoshopped
in. So, everybody in the family is
dressed casually, you know, as you would
for an Easter event. But then in the
back there's this little stiff
this little stiff image of Joe Biden
wearing a suit and tie on Easter. Do you
think he wore a suit and tie in his own
house on
Easter? It's so obviously photoshopped.
It's hilarious. Anyway, you have to see
it. Um they I guess I couldn't find a
good picture of him with with a casual
shirt
on. So, you know that
uh Tesla vandal, his name is Dylan
Adams, no relation. Um, but apparently
he vandalized at least six Tesla
vehicles and in Minneapolis and he will
not be going to
jail. So, they caught him and they know
he vandalized six um vehicles for
something like $20,000 in damage
collectively. Um, but he's going to be
instead of prosecution, he will be off
for a diversion program. A diversion
program? Yeah, that'll fix him. Yeah. I
assume he's also paying to repair the
cars. Don't you think that should be
part of it? Because I would hate to
think that the owner has to repair the
car, but the perpetrator gets a
diversion
program. I don't know.
We We'll have to wait on that. This
one's weird. Uh, Department of Homeland
Security Christine Gnome. She got robbed
in a
restaurant. So, somebody with a surgical
mask came by and grabbed her purse and
even though she has Secret Service, they
got away.
How bad is your Secret Service if
somebody can get close enough to the
Department of Homeland Security head to
grab their purse and then they can also
get clean away? That's not really good
secret servicing, is it? But the the
thing that's getting everybody's
attention is that the contents of the
purse allegedly include $3,000 in
cash. How many of you carry $3,000 in
cash with you? just
casually. I don't think I ever have. I
don't think there's one time in my
entire life I've had $3,000 in cash on
my body. I don't have a purse, you know,
and and it makes me wonder what the uh
denominations of the money are. Like
when you open the purse, is it all a
bunch of
ones and it's just filled with cash or
is it a bunch of hundreds in neat little
packages? And why does anybody need
$3,000 in cash if they're a top
government
official? Is it for
tipping? If it's for tipping, I don't
think your secret service is going to
get a
tip. I think I think they lost their
tip. Anyway, that's
weird. You would not be surprised to
learn that uh remember LeBron James
endorsed Kla Harris.
Well, the endorsement um was followed
quickly by the Kla Harris campaign uh
giving $50,000 to his campaign event
production company, I guess, some
production company. So, I don't think I
don't think LeBron James made money, but
um the the production of his little
video endorsing her looks like it was
paid for by Kamaris.
So, LeBron's a good negotiator. I guess
it makes you wonder how much of Kla
Harris's um support was ever real versus
how much was just, you know, pure
anti-Trump and it didn't matter what she
did or what she said. I don't know. So,
there was a uh organization called Check
My
Ads that's uh closing up because they're
they lost their funding. Now, Check My
Ads, according to Mike Benz, who's the
expert on all this censorship stuff, um,
says that Check My Ads is a Soros
censorship censorship group formed for
the sole and exclusive purpose of
bankrupting
uh,
bankrupting bankrupting heterodox
media. Heterodox meaning people that
don't agree with the mainstream. And and
the way they would do that was they'd go
after the advertisers so that the the
entity they didn't like would get uh
starved of money. But it turns out that
the check my ads people were starved of
money themselves and so they had to
close. Not enough money. But here's my
question.
You know, I've been listening to Mike
Benz enough to know that there are just
countless NOS's and this whole uh
censorship thing is not just domestic,
it's international, but affects the
United States. And how many entities are
there whose entire job is to censor
heterodox opinions?
because I'm wondering if it's
hundreds, is it a
dozen? Uh, I really not wonder the
number because I'd never heard of this
one before until they
closed. So, who knows? All right. Uh,
this next story has to be
mentioned, but I might leave out some
details. How many of you have already
seen the news about Kanye West?
He made a little bit of news
today. I'm not even sure how to describe
it, but if you saw it, you know why it's
difficult to describe. So, let's just
say that when he was under 14,
uh, between the ages of six and 14, he
had a male
cousin and they were very close. That's
all I'm going to say. Now, Yay is very
direct about what what he was doing with
that male cousin, so I'm not going to
say it,
but he sure knows how to get attention,
doesn't
he? If if you haven't seen the story,
I'll just refer you to the news. You can
Google it and it'll pop right up. If if
you don't want to see something that
might offend you, don't do it. Don't do
it. All right? if you're
sensitive, don't do it. But yeah, that's
the funniest little story today. I, you
know, on one hand, I appreciate his
transparency.
Um it does seem to me
that if people have been in that kind of
situation um and there there's not not
exactly one like that but people have
been in situations where you know they
were children and something went
terribly wrong in that domain. I'm being
as general as I can. Um I feel like it's
good for them to go public.
On the other hand, you'll always see him
that way. Like I I'll never be able to
look at Yay again and not think of this
story every single time. So, there's
that. So, uh RFK Jr. is making his move
to get rid of artificial food dyes. Can
we maybe stop making this news? Is this
like the fifth or sixth time I've told
you he's going to get rid of food dyes?
But I guess he's close to making it
happen now. So, we'll see. Um, I also
wonder, you know, it's one thing for RFK
Jr. to be getting rid of stuff that's
dangerous for us and Europe doesn't
allow it, but I wonder if he's focusing
on getting rid of stuff, additives to
our food that make it impossible for us
to sell our food in Europe and other
places. So, that would be the win-win,
right? to get rid of the stuff that's
might be dangerous, but also to open up
markets because Europe would have to
say, "Okay, I guess I guess we can buy
your food now." Because Europe always
plays the game of, "Oh, you got some
extra stuff in there. I don't know about
that. We can't buy that." It's more of a
protectionist thing, I
think. Well, Harvard is going to sue the
government. they are suing the
government uh over the funding freeze
because they say it's unlawful and
beyond the government's authority. So
that the president of
Harvard is saying that if the government
normally would have given them n million
dollars that freezing it is illegal to
which I say I'm no
lawyer but does the government have to
give you $9
billion? Under what situation would they
have to do it? It seems like that should
be optional just by its very nature.
$9 billion. Now, do they have some kind
of contract? Because it's not mentioned.
If they had a
contract, then I would say the
government should have to perform to the
contract. But I don't think so. I think
they just want their money and the
government doesn't want to give it to
them. So, what kind of case is that? I
guess we'll find
out. If you haven't seen it yet, I
recommend watching a interview. And I I
didn't catch the name of the
interviewer, but there's a gentleman who
I'm guessing is a Democrat and he's got
long dark hair and he's doing a really
good job of interviewing Elizabeth
Warren and asking her um did she really
not notice that Biden was declining in
mental acuity? Now, you have to watch it
because she's lying so
poorly that it's hilarious.
Um, so he asked, this was one of the
questions. So he had a few follow-ups.
He said, "Do you think he was as sharp
as you?" Which is a clever way to put
it. And she actually had to stifle a
laugh. Do you think he was as sharp as
you? And she's like,
"Well, now we don't know what she was
thinking." So she might have been
thinking it was just a clever question.
and she laughed, but uh it it made it
look like her answer was a little less
uh credible. Uh and then she said,
quote, "I said I had not seen his
decline. He was sharp and on his feet."
And then the questioner uh quite rightly
says, "That's sort of faint praise,
isn't it? That he was sharp and on his
feet. Would you say that about anybody
else?
is there anybody else in the world that
you would give him credit for being
standing
up? And she laughed when he called her
out because she knew she knew that
basically she was totally nailed. Um so
she's a terrible liar and said she
didn't notice the difference between
2021 Biden and 2024, but of course
everybody did. So, so I always recommend
when you know somebody's lying because
you don't always know. Sometimes you
think, well, that's what they believe.
You know, I don't believe it's true, but
they believe it's true. But sometimes,
you
know, and and that's where you can learn
how to spot liars. So, I would recommend
that you watch it just to learn, you
look at the body language, uh look at
her reactions, and it's just so obvious
she's
lying. And and I think that she's lying
so obviously that she's amusing herself.
Like I feel like she was actually
laughing at her own answers because
they're so ridiculous. Of course,
everybody knew he was
declining. Well, Larry David,
uh, actor, I guess you'd call him actor,
writer, Larry David, I guess he wrote an
op-ed in the New York Times, uh,
slamming Bill Maher for having dinner
with Trump. And these the title of the
article is my dinner with
Adolf.
Now, did he really need to do
that? Was that
necessary? The to me that's just so over
the line, you know, of policing his own
side and saying you can't talk to
people. So over the line, completely
over the line. The Republicans don't do
that, do they? Although I have seen
people in the comments do that. Don't
have any connection with these darn
Democrats. I think that's always the
wrong the wrong impulse. But it makes me
wonder how many of the Trump hoaxes
Larry David fell for. Do do you want to
make a bet that he believes the fine
people hoax? I'll bet you. Do you want
to make a bet that he believes 18 out of
20 of the top Trump hoaxes? Bet he
does. So that would be the challenge I
would give to Larry David is do you even
know what's happening? Do you have any
idea that you're living in this weird
little bubble that's completely
artificial?
Um, well, the uh Democrats are trying to
make uh something out of this MS13
alleged Marilyn Dad. And so the Democrat
spin on it is that uh
Trump is starting with this guy. He's
not a not a citizen, but what he really
wants to do, Trump does, is deport
Americans to foreign prisons. Um, I saw
somebody at ABC this week saying that,
one of the Democrat pundits. So, what do
you think? What do you think are the
odds that Trump actually wants to deport
American citizens to foreign jails and
just sort of pick them up and deport
them? I would say the odds of that are
approximately zero, but he did say it
twice. So, why does he say it? I think
it's just a
mistake. Yeah. Um I think he was just
sort of sort of
spitballing. Um I don't think there's
any real chance that Republicans would
be okay with him picking up an American
citizen and sending them to a jail. I
mean, there might be some weird
exception where he's like Silence of the
Lambs or something, but not ordinary
people who who committed crimes or
didn't commit crimes. So, I'm going to
I'm going to assign this to the
Department of Imaginary Concerns.
However, I will note that it's not based
on nothing. It's not based on nothing
because he did say it twice and he's
going to have to explain what he means
if he says it twice. So, we'll
see. So, as you know, uh, Signal Gate 2
is raging. the idea that PGsth not only
um had some battle plans and that you
know the first signal messages that uh
the reporter saw but that separately
um he had one that his brother and his
lawyer and his wife saw. So there's two
signal gate dramas. Now I don't think
either one of them is important and the
inside news is that Trump doesn't want
to give anybody a win. It would be too
easy if they could just if they could
get rid of Hex Seth based on some signal
messages. That would be very
weak. So Trump is uh allegedly sticking
with Exathth and does not want to give
the other side a that easy
win. Um but
um but here's the here's the uh the
thing that jumped out at me. So there's
an article in Politico, an op-ed by John
Olat. So he had been the acting
assistant to HEGs for public affairs,
but he resigned last week. Now in the
piece, uh Ol said in Politico that
there's quote total chaos at the
Pentagon and the building is in disarray
under Hexath and Trump deserves
better. Here's my new rule.
Anybody who says
chaos in that context, that's just
propaganda. So you can immediately just
discount it. Yep. Plenty of chaos. Do
you know who else has
chaos? Every business unit you've ever
known. If you're working at a big
company and you don't know the full
strategy and you don't understand what's
happening next, don't you think it's
chaos? Chaos is the most
generic
unprovable statement you could ever
make. It's pure
propaganda. If he wanted to say
something is wrong, he would give
details. For example, he might say, um,
people are not sharing important
information with each other. Well, that
would be a problem. He might say, uh,
everybody's quitting. Well, that'd be a
problem. But if you if you say it's
chaos or total chaos at the Pentagon and
everything's in disarray, you know
that's not true. You know, it's not even
a little bit true. It might be true that
people can't anticipate what Trump's
going to do, but do we consider that a
flaw or a feature? So, as soon as you
see chaos, they're just on a
team. And uh it looks like now this is
based also on Tucker Carlson having an
interview with uh former Defense
Department official Dan Caldwell who was
accused of um leaking some important
stuff. But he says he was never accused
of that. He was just fired. And
according to Dan Caldwell, there's not
even an accusation that he did it. So he
doesn't even know what it's about. But
he was one of the people who was anti-
war with
Iran. So you might say to yourself,
hm, are they trying to get rid of Pete
Hegsth because of his views on Iran? Are
they trying to get rid of or did they
get rid of Dan Caldwell because of his
views on Iran? And is the play that's
happening now that anybody who's against
war with Iran is getting picked off with
one rumor after another. Is that what's
happening? I don't know. But it looks
like it. I mean, it's got that odor to
it, but I don't
know.
So, that's what I
think. According to Dan Caldwell, also
Susan Rice, who as you know was Obama's
right-hand person, um, is still on the
Defense Policy
Board. So, it means she doesn't have any
authority and can't, you know, enter the
building and, you know, do all the
private stuff, but apparently it gives
her some kind of platform to interact
with all the Pentagon people.
Why in the world is Susan Rice still in
any government position that involves
interacting with Pentagon
people? And and can you even believe it?
Now, she might say it's more ceremonial
or she doesn't go to meetings or
something, so we don't know the details
there,
but sure looks sketchy to
me. All right, here's the dog that's not
barking about Iran. So you you know I
like to look for the thing that should
be there but suspiciously isn't. So if
there's something that should be in the
story but suspiciously isn't, that tells
you something. All right. And here's the
thing that should be in the story. We're
all talking about whether or not the US
should be part of an attack on
Iran, but there are no polls showing
American opinion on that. No recent
ones.
Is that obviously
missing? Just think about it. It's It's
probably the most important question we
have for life and death of whether we
would do it. And there's no poll to show
what the popularity is. Do you know why
there's no
poll? I'm just guessing it wouldn't be
popular. Now, I think the answer to the
poll has everything to do with how you
ask it.
So if you say something like um do you
think we should bomb the nuclear
sites? You'll get like 56% will say yeah
probably we should we don't want them to
have a nuke. But if you ask the question
this way should we attack Iran or rely
only on
diplomacy? You would end up with almost
nobody saying attack Iran. They'd say,
"Well, diplomacy obviously, you know, as
if diplomacy is going to
work." But I would be very curious why
there's such a obvious lack of polling
on such a vital
question. My guess
is that there's quite an
organized, let's say, organized effort
to suppress some points of view and to
boost
others. Um, that would be my
guess. According to JD Vance, there's
some kind of India trade deal coming.
But the way you words it makes it sound
like it isn't. So if you read the
headlines kind of quickly, you'd say to
yourself, "Whoa, looks like India and
the United States are going to have a
trade agreement really fast and that
could be really good because it would it
would calm markets and it would, you
know, maybe get us get something going
where the other the other countries get
on board faster." But here's what they
here's what JD Vance says. Says the US
and India have officially finalized the
terms of reference for the trade
agreement trade negotiation. The terms
of
reference. I've never even heard that
term. They're going to finalize. They've
officially finalized the terms of
reference. I think that what that means
is they've decided how they're going to
talk about it or what's in and what's
out. I don't even know what it means,
but I'll tell you what it doesn't mean.
It doesn't mean that you're close to a
deal. That this is signaling to me that
they want to make it sound like they're
close to a deal, but they're not close
to a deal. You know, you wouldn't use
that. You wouldn't use that terms. You
wouldn't say they finalized the terms of
reference. You'd say we almost have a
deal. Something like that.
Well, apparently speaking of deals,
there's a massive Chevron project that
looks like it's going to go forward in
the Gulf of America. So, there's a
gigantic oil and natural gas um reserve
there and uh Chevron's going to go after
it. 75,000 gross barrels of oil
daily. So, you know, Breitbart is
reporting on this. Now, does it seem to
you that maybe everything will depend on
our energy business? Cuz it's the only
thing that you could scale up that has
massive dollars involved with it. So,
maybe we could massively scale up our
energy production and maybe that would
help our GDP enough to take a bite out
of our debt. Maybe. Doesn't seem like
enough by itself, but it's good to hear
it.
Well, according to the
Postmillennial, Trump met with the CEOs
of Target, Walmart, Lowe's, and Home
Depot talking about the tariffs. And uh
one of the things that um caught my mind
is that CNBC apparently said that uh
Walmart might be in better shape than
the others because it uh around 2/3 of
what the company sells is made, grown,
or assembled in America. 2/3. Does that
seem like high to you that twothirds of
Walmart's products are
um made, grown, or assembled in
America? I think there might be a trick
in that number. And the trick might be
it includes
assembled. Assembled means you're
getting the parts probably from
somewhere else. Could that be China? So,
I don't believe these numbers at all.
Um, I think it's all too complicated to
know what
percentage. Anyway, so that's happening.
According to interesting engineering,
um, some uh, scientists have figured out
how to extract rare earth minerals from
hard drives. So, if you've got an old
hard drive that you're recycling, they
can now stick it in some juice and take
out the
uh the the rare earth minerals.
Now, I don't know how much they can get
from hard drives, but they can get most
of what's in there. So, they can get
about, I don't know, 90% or something of
all the rare earth minerals that are
already in there. So, that could be a
big deal. Apparently, the US gets half
of its rare earth minerals from China.
How long would it take to figure out how
to use
recycling to get that half taken care
of? I don't know if that's doable.
That's probably a big
number. According to TSMC, the big chip
maker out of uh Taiwan, RS Technica is
reporting that uh there's no way really
they can keep China from getting the
good chips because I guess the world is
too complicated. So once they sell their
chips, they can't control where it ends
up. So they're they're basically warning
us, we can't really control
China not getting the chips. So
apparently we have a situation where
China can definitely control whether we
get the rare earth minerals, but we
can't control whether they get high-end
chips. So that's not
perfect. Anyway, uh China's also ending
uh private equity investments in the
United States. The government told their
private equity investment people, stop
investing in the US. It looks like it's
happening. I saw this in the Kobai Isa
letter
Kobay. Um, but there was also something
in the Kobay account that struck me as
interesting. Now, I can't guarantee that
these claims are accurate, but here are
six things
um that the Kobay account says. Stocks
and remember this is not about today
specifically, it's in general. Stocks
are falling like the trade war is
escalating, but the US dollar is falling
like trade dealers are near. Oil prices
are falling like rate cuts are not
coming. Gold prices are rising like rate
cuts are on the way. Tech stocks are
falling like we're entering a recession.
Treasury yields are rising like the
economy is strong. Now, I don't know
about any of those claims. Some of them
look sketchy to me, but um the bottom
line is that the market has no idea what
to do.
But I'm not sure how big a problem that
is because if you don't know where to
put your
money, it's just going to sort of slosh
around in the usual places. So if you
took some of your stock market money and
put it in
gold, you might end up moving it back
into the stock market later. So it feels
like just stuff is just slloshing around
in the usual places. It's not leaving
the United States except for the Chinese
investments. So, I do
wonder how much of a risk we're really
at with this uh chaos. You know, nobody
knows what to do, but nobody ever knows
what to do. I mean, maybe what's
different is that we know we don't know.
There's never been a time when you could
be sure that your investments in
anything were going to be good, right?
Has that ever
existed? No. We've had the We've had the
illusion of
predictability. We've never had
predictability. No, nobody knows what
the stock market is going to do next
year or in 5 years. Never have. But
suddenly we're we're acting like it's a
new situation. Oh, suddenly we don't
know what it's going to happen with
everything. No, that was always the
case. We never knew what was going to
happen with anything. We just talked
ourselves into thinking we knew. We
don't. We have no idea what's going to
happen. Anyway, um I've been watching
the uh Trump versus Powell, head of the
Federal Reserve, and you know, I have to
admit that it didn't seem wise for Trump
to go after him because it's just going
to harden his stance and he's just going
to get mad and won't do anything he
wants. But I do I do agree with Trump
that it would be the right time to lower
interest rates and get ahead of the
tariffs because the tariffs are going to
have some drag on the
economy. But lowering interest rates
would boost the economy. So if you're
doing a major play with tariffs,
wouldn't it be exactly the right time to
do a little boosting on interest rates?
even if it's just a little bit just
directionally, you know, the stock
market would come roaring back, etc. So,
I feel like Trump has the right
instincts on
this that if he can't control the
interest rates, Trump and Powell does
that he doesn't have all the mechanisms
he needs to make everything work. So, I
think a lot depends on whether he can
convince Powell to lower interest rates.
Now, uh, Trump is accusing Powell of
always being too late and also helping,
uh, Harris and Biden by, you know,
coincidentally lowering rates or
something when when it was a key
political time to do that. So, I don't
know about that, but
um it turns out that uh O'Keefe Media
Group,
OMG, just got a brand new video of a Fed
economist who was describing Jerome
Powell's legacy as quote somebody who
held the line against Trump.
And he said that um that the Fed under
Powell began focus began focusing on
wealth inequality and climate change.
Holy cow. Is that true? That that Powell
will be most known for resisting
Trump as opposed to doing the right
thing and wealth inequality and climate
change. How much impact does he have on
any of that
stuff? That is really scary. It just
makes him look incompetent, doesn't it?
If if he's worrying about anything
except his main job, he needs to be
fired. But apparently there's I don't
think there's any legal way to fire him.
I think uh Trump's looking into it, but
I suspect there
isn't. And maybe it's a good thing. I
don't know.
So, uh, Ron Johnson, Republican,
um, he's said in an interview recently
that he's interested in having, uh,
hearings on September
11th and the the terrorist attacks and
indicating he's listening to, um,
basically stories that suggest that 9/11
wasn't what you thought it was. But
here's how The Hill refers to it. All
right, so this is the Hill. They said uh
blah blah blah and indicated that he's
been listening to long festering and
debunked conspiracy theories about the
government's alleged
involvement. Now, who says
that? If if you're The Hill and you're a
writer for The Hill, do you know what is
long
debunked? You may have seen a debunk,
but you may have also seen other claims.
How do you know the debunk is better
than the claim? Are you a structural
engineer or are you just a writer who is
being influenced by who knows who to uh
act like it's just a it's a done deal?
It's a conspiracy theory. Uh
everything's debunked. I don't think we
live in that world anymore, do we? Now,
my own view is that I don't have any
specific conspiracy theory beliefs about
911, but I do believe that 100% of our
history is fake. I just don't know which
part of 911 is fake. Definitely some
part of it is fake. Would you agree? But
we don't know which parts. It could be
that the buildings fell
naturally, but that maybe somebody else
was involved in the op that we don't
know about. It it could be anything. But
I'll tell you what you shouldn't say in
2025 if you want to be credible. You
shouldn't say that something is a
debunked conspiracy
theory because debunked doesn't mean
anything anymore. Do you know what was
also
debunked? A lot of things that were
true.
So, you know, when I when I see an
article that says something's debunked,
I automatically go, hm, that sounds like
propaganda. That doesn't sound like
news. News would be it's a highly
contentious question, but experts have
said that um there's nothing to it. That
would be fair, but to say it's
debunked, I don't know. Too far. Too
far.
Well, apparently the Kremlin is happy
about uh Trump administration saying
that they don't want Ukraine to be a
member of NATO
ever. And so they're happy about that,
but they're waiting, I guess we're
waiting for Zilinski to respond to a
package of proposals to see if there's
anything there. Um, now I've said this
before, but there's something weird
about this. If Trump gave away
um the the option of NATO, that would be
very
untrumplike. He should keep that as a
negotiating chip and make a deal in
which it's part of the larger deal. But
if he gives it away first and then he
starts
negotiating, why would he give away that
leverage? Seems weird. Uh that's called
negotiating with yourself where somebody
says, "Well, do you have a better
offer?" And then you just go back and
improve your offer. Never do that. You
should wait for them to make an offer.
Then maybe you could meet them in the
middle. But you never you you never want
to just say, "Uh, here's that thing you
want. Now, let's start
negotiating." So, there's something
about this I don't understand. So there
may there may be more of a secret
agreements that we don't know about yet
that later we will know about. So we'll
see. Um according to interesting
engineering there's now an invention
that's a riceized micro robot that they
can insert into your brain and it can
crawl around through your brain and fix
it. So if you've got issues in your
brain, they can put this tiny little
robot the size of rice in it and it will
just
like it will find its way. It uses
rotating silicone rings to gently part
brain tissue without causing cellular
damage. It's a French
startup. Um I'm going to say I don't
want to go
first. Yeah, I don't want to go first.
So, if somebody else would like to uh
try that out, I welcome you. And after
10 million people have done it
successfully, I might try it. Might try
it if I had any brain
problems. Well, speaking of robots,
um there's now a invention of a robot
nose. This is also interesting
engineering. So, they've so there's been
a development of a
nose that can Let's see who did this.
uh in Japan, I guess, a Japanese
company. They built a mechanical nose
that can identify a whole bunch of
different
smells. Now, I've been saying for many
years that if robots could learn to
smell, it's going to be a whole new
world because imagine what a robot could
smell. We don't know how good it would
be, right? But but if they got it to the
point where it's like a blood
hound, the robot could come into a crime
scene and it could even identify who was
there just by the
smell. So you know it could imagine the
robot goes into the crime scene just
sniffs everything including the victim
but it's got some extra smells. Then
when they find the potential per the
robot just smells them. Said, "Oh yeah,
that's the same smell that was in that
room. They're guilty. So, I don't know
how far this uh robot smelling stuff can
go, but it could be
fun. Well, I've seen a million articles
about how the gut
microbiome affects all kinds of
behaviors and, you know, conditions. But
there's a very small trial according to
the new Alice that found out that fecal
transplants can reduce the symptoms of
um autism. Now it doesn't cure it of
course but apparently there's some
substantial decrease in
symptoms. So they're going to move to
phase three human trials.
So apparently this whole microbiome
thing it the one way to think of it is
that your stomach and your brain are one
unit. If you don't have the microbiome
right, the brain doesn't work right. So
I've always said that the your body is
your brain, but most specifically
probably your your gut. Um so when you
have a a gut feeling about something,
it's probably real. According to Korea
Biomedical Review, I'm not sure I
believe anything that's coming out of
South Korea science, but uh they've got
an AI now that they say can identify
ADHD with 97% accuracy by looking at
your retinal imaging. So, it can look at
your eyeball and it can tell if you have
ADHD. Do you believe
that? Oh, I don't know.
I I feel like it might be a way to get
more ADHD patients to give them drugs or
something. I'm not sure I believe that
you can identify ADHD through an
eyeball. I don't believe it, but maybe.
Maybe. All right. I told you it was a
bunch of weird little stories today.
That's all I got for you. Um if anything
big happens, we'll talk about it
tomorrow.
But, uh, I'm going to talk to the locals
people privately a little bit. And the
rest of you, thanks for coming. I will
see you tomorrow, same time, same place
if you're on X or Rumble or YouTube. All
right, locals coming at you in 30
seconds privately.