Good morning. Happy Saturday. Come on in
here. Let me make sure all my comments
are functioning properly and then I'll
give you the attention you
deserve.
Almost. There we
go. It's all working now.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
I'll bet you never had a better time.
But if you'd like to take a chance on
taking this up to a level that nobody's
ever seen with their tiny shiny human
brains, all you need for that is a
copper mug or a glass of tanker gels, a
candy jug or flask, a vessel of any
kind. and fill it with your favorite
liquid. I like coffee. And join me now
for the unparalleled pleasure, the
dopamine day of the day, the thing that
makes everything better. It's called,
that's right, the simultaneous sip.
Go. Well, we're all bonded now through
the sip.
Um, I should tell you that after the
show there will be a spaces uh that's
the audio only feature on the X platform
hosted by Owen Gregorian for those who
want to do the coffee with Scott Adams
afterparty. It'll be uh more stuff, more
fun. Um, so just look for Owen Gregorian
on X or just look for my account on X
and you'll find that I reposted it. So
you'll find the
link. All right. Well, uh, let's start
with weird news. According to the Daily
Mail, uh, declassified CIA documents,
uh, show that Hitler may have escaped
Germany after World War II and was
living in South America and the CIA
apparently was looking for him uh, 10
years after he supposedly
died. Uh so according to multiple
reports from the CIA archive uh agents
in South America were convinced the
dictator was still alive in the 50s and
he changed his name to remain
undercover. Do you know what this makes
me
think? It makes me think I don't know
what's true about anything in history. I
don't think any history is real. I I
feel like all history is fake. So there
was a time when I would have laughed at
this and
said because that's me laughing. That's
my laugh. And I'd say I don't think so.
Next thing you're going to tell me is
that the moon landing was okay. Let's
not go there. I'm going to say I don't
know if this is true, but I also don't
know if anything else in history is
true.
Well, speaking of Nazis, let's check in
with the Democrats, see how they're
doing. According to the Gateway Pundit,
uh, the DNC chair, uh, Ken Martin, he's
decided to put together a little group,
um, called the people's cabinet. Uh, and
people like Robert Rice, you're on
there. So, it's supposedly a group of
experts and ordinary people. He calls
them experts, leaders, and everyday
Americans. And what they will be doing
is fact-checking
Trump, but they will be doing it in the
most theatrical way. So, in effect, the
uh Democrats having absolutely nothing
to offer to the country have decided to
put on a play, a theatrical production
called the people's cabinet. and uh
there uh apparently it requires a little
person. So, Robert Rich will be taking
that role. He'll be playing a far-left
economist who says wacky
things. Um I'm looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to the play. Now,
some say it could be as good as Snow
White the movie. So, if that doesn't get
you there, I don't know what will. I'm
going to buy my ticket right away
because, as you know, the Democrats
don't have any policies or ideas or
power. So, they're kind of left with
doing, you know, one band theatrical
productions like Cy Booker recently did.
But now, at least it's a uh
ensemble. Is that the right word?
Ensemble. Uh the people's cabinet. Can't
wait.
It'll be like Hamilton but
um
with with fewer minorities I
think. Um so Trump has uh Trump sent a
list of demands to Harvard University
according to the New York Post and
they're going to lose $9
billion in government
funding. Let's stop right there.
Harvard was getting $9 billion in
government
funding. Now, one of the things that um
many of you have heard but don't
understand is that the so-called
endowments that colleges have, they
can't really use it for whatever they
want. So, if you say to yourself, but
Harvard has endowments worth x billions
of dollars, why don't they spend that
instead of charging people for tuition?
And the answer is the endowments usually
are limited as in here's some money to
build the science building and put my
name on it. But you they can't just use
it for whatever they want or here is an
endowment to give scholarships to
certain class of people. They can't just
take it and use it for other stuff.
So, if you want to be the smartest
person in the room, when somebody else
says they've got these rich endowments,
you should say they do, but they're all
restricted. They can't can't just use
them as a piggy
bank. Anyway, $9 billion. And again, I
don't know over what time period that
is. That can't possibly be one year, but
maybe anything's possible. But uh the
reason that they might lose that nine
billion is that Trump is insisting that
they get rid of their DEI DEI programs
and clamp down on all the anti-semitic
protests and stuff. And he also wants
them to ban face masks on campus because
that's one of the reasons that the
protests can get out of control because
people can cover their faces. So we'll
see. We'll see if uh Harvard blinks. I'm
going to say I think they will.
According to Newsmax, Sam Baron is
reporting that the Department of Energy
um has decided that 44% of their staff
is what they call
non-essential. 44% of their entire staff
is
non-essential. Now, I wonder how they uh
figured that out. So, in all likelihood,
there's going to be some big employee
cuts there. Um, I think they should
rename the department. If 44% of your
employees are non-essential, I wouldn't
call it the Department of Energy. I
would call it the low energy
department. Are you with me? Low energy
department. Anybody?
Okay. Meanwhile, uh, housing and urban
development that you call HUD.
um is going to uh stop funding housing
in sanctuary, cities, and
states. So, if you were one of those uh
states that depended on HUD to help you
build some housing and you had a
shortage of housing, good luck. if
you're a sanctuary city or a sanctuary
state because the HUD secretary Scott
Turner
um just sent in a letter saying you're
not going to get it if you're a
sanctuary city. Now, I've never seen the
government use its power this way before
because I guess I didn't realize how
many things the government funds, but
watching the government use its just
funding authority to change things is
kind of interesting. But it makes me
wonder if Democrats win, are they just
going to reverse everything and they
would just use the same threat? Well,
you better change it back. You better
give everybody masks. You better go wild
with DEI because we love our
DEI. So, we'll see if any of this is
lasting. Well, as I predicted, uh Trump
is uh going to extend the Tik Tok
deadline. That was the deadline to make
a deal. And we've learned as of today
that China had apparently agreed to
allow Bite Dance to sell Tik Tok. So
they actually had a deal and then Trump
ruined it by the timing of introducing
tariffs and so as soon as China saw the
tariffs they said oh nope change our
mind we do not allow that sale. So,
China being smart
um and brutal and ruthless in a good
way, at least from their perspective, a
good way, um knows that they have a
bargaining chip, so they're going to use
it. Now, I think that, you know, for
however many billion dollars are at
risk, the damage it would do to uh Trump
if it just got closed down in the United
States might be worth it for China. They
might say, "Well, you know, China was
only going to make, I don't know, 30 or
50 billion, and you know, we're a big
country. We can handle not making that."
Um, so I don't know. I don't even think
that a tariff negotiation would get them
to change their mind. I'm surprised
there ever was a deal. So maybe I'm a
little skeptical they ever had a deal,
but uh especially since China knew the
tariffs were
coming. So maybe maybe they made it look
like that the tariffs were the reason,
but they had always planned to say no.
You know, they just said, "Oh, yes.
Yeah, sure. Yeah, we got a deal. No
problem. Because they knew the tariffs
were coming and they could just yank it
at that
point. Um, according to the Hill,
um, Biden had proposed a rule that it
looks like the Trump administration is
going to ignore. And the rule would have
been that if you had a a body mass index
of over 30, which would put you squarely
in the obese category, I believe, uh
that you would have been able to use
your Medicare or Medicaid to get those
uh GLP1 weight loss drugs that are so
popular. And it looks like that's not
going to be happening under Trump. So,
if you're on Medicare or Medicaid and uh
RFK Jr. has said that um he wonders why
those drugs are made in other countries
but they don't give us the same version
that they allow in their own
country. Doesn't that worry you a little
bit? The drugs come from other
countries, but they won't sell the same
drug that they give to us in their own
country. Now, I don't know what's up
with that, but I don't like it. Thus,
that sounds exactly like ours must be
more dangerous than theirs. I don't
know. Um, but here's what here's what uh
caught my
imagination. You know how I always make
fun of Democrats for not understanding
human behavior? Let let's just see if
all of you come to the same impression.
So, let's say uh you were on Medicare or
Medicaid and you had a weight problem
and you wanted this drug and your body
mass index was
25, but you couldn't get the drug unless
you were a
30. What would you
do? The Democrats are so bad at
understanding human incentive. I'll tell
you what you would do. you would eat
like crazy until you were a 30 and then
you would go get the drug because the
drug would take you all the way past 25
and keep going. So, it's not like
they're going to deny you the drug once
it's working. You know, once you're on
the program, you get to lose the weight.
So, yes, all the people who are close to
30, they would be incentivized to just
eat terrible food until they reach 30
and then they're like, I think I reached
it, doc. and doctor would say, "Ah,
finally I can get you this free
drug." Now, do you tell me there wasn't
one Democrat who understood that would
have been just a nightmare? There
there's no way that that wouldn't have
been a big problem. But I don't know.
So, we'll see. RFK Jr. says you should
eat right and exercise and that should
be your first line of defense.
That hasn't worked for people yet, at
least for the obese. Obviously, they
know that they should eat right and they
know they should
exercise, but they weren't doing it.
So, obviously there the this drug has a
place. Well, uh, President Trump has
called on the Fed chairman Jerome
Powell. Now, he doesn't have control
over him. The Fed is independent entity,
so it can do what it wants. But Trump's
trying to embarrass Powell into cutting
interest rates on the 10-year Treasury.
Um, oh, because the 10-year Treasury has
fallen below 4%. So, at one point it was
about five not too long ago, but between
the
tariffs and maybe some other stuff, uh,
interest rates have drifted down and
this would be a terrific time to give
everybody a little raise if they're
paying anything on interest.
So, well, at least anything that's going
to be
adjustable. And but more importantly,
apparently the government has to
refinance something like $9 trillion
pretty soon. And the difference between
refinancing it at 5% and 4% is really
really big.
So the the uh theory that I mentioned
yesterday that the big play with tariffs
might have been to tank the uh stock
market temporarily because then people
move their money into bonds and if they
have their money in bonds, supply and
demand causes the interest rate to go
down and uh then you refinance your
trillions and trillions and then slowly
you can let the stock market come back
to the level you
want. Now, if that's what the uh Trump
administration had in mind the entire
time, and honestly, it's starting to
look that way. It's starting to look
like that was always part of the plan.
Not the only plan. I think he genuinely
Trump, I think he genuinely likes
tariffs and, you know, negotiating and
all that,
but it could be that one of the biggest
gains is this interest rate thing. And
you cannot, it's almost hard to put a
value on it because it might be almost
impossible to you negotiate our own
debt. Uh we could be in quite a bit of
trouble unless we get this lower
interest rate and now the the table is
set for it. But I don't know that Jerome
Powell is going to want to look like he
was influenced by the president. So, I
don't know that Trump is playing this
right because he's putting Powell in a
position where he's supposed to be the
independent guy, but if Trump is
publicly saying you should do this and
then he does it, it's going to look like
he got
influenced. So, I'm not sure the
persuasion play here is quite right. It
looks like Trump might be doing
anti-persuasion.
On the other hand, Powell is going to
have a lot of explaining to do if he
doesn't do it because everybody's gonna
be hurt by it and it's going to be a lot
of pain for the country. So, you'd have
to ask yourself, is Jerome Powell on the
side of the United
States or his own side or somebody
else's side if he doesn't lower uh
interest rates? So, we'll see. That'll
be interesting. Well, so far the number
of countries who have decided that
they're going to immediately negotiate
their tariffs with Trump um it's a small
number but it's so far Vietnam,
Cambodia, Argentina, Israel's already
gone. Um but it's a
start. So Mcronone and France is saying
don't do investments in the United
States. China matched our tariffs with
their own. So, they're looking tough.
Um, so we're going to need to get at
least
one larger country to negotiate. So, it
makes me wonder who's going to go first,
if if anybody. So, you can get all the
little countries to capitulate, but
that's not going to get you what you
want. You need you're going to need to
get at least one big one to say, "Well,
I'm glad I went first.
Um, Billy John, we got a troll here from
YouTube. Billy John, let me explain to
you how time works. Yeah, you seem to be
confused. You might be an alien from
another country. The golden
age is something that you build
toward. And as I'll explain to you
during the show, the temporary pullback
in the uh stock market is not anything
you should worry about. And we probably
are now poised for the greatest
American period of all time. It doesn't
mean it's
guaranteed, but I do think Trump has
largely done all the right stuff and
he's got really smart people behind him.
Scott Bent impresses me every time I see
him on camera. I think he's just the
best. Have you listened to him at all?
He He's so good explaining things in
simple terms while also sounding like
the smartest person in the room that
when he's done, you say to yourself,
"Oh, I feel a lot better now." You know,
if you hear Trump say some stuff, you
think to yourself, "I don't know. Is he
just in salesman mode? You know, is that
all BS?" But when you see you see Scott
Basant explaining something, he gives
you all of his work. You you know like
he he removes all questions. So we'll
talk about him a little bit
more. So yes, I think the golden age is
looking actually pretty strong. But
Trump uh and everybody's smart warned
that there would be a period of turmoil
uh which is the period we're in. Now
there's almost nothing I can think of
that doesn't require some sacrifice to
get there. If you wanted to get in shape
at the gym, it's going to be harder when
you start. If you wanted to go on a
diet, it's going to be kind of painful.
If you wanted to improve your job,
you're probably gonna have to, I don't
know, go to training or school at night
or, you know, double your efforts. So,
this is no different. If the country
wants to survive the death spiral it was
in, you know, the debt death spiral,
it's got to doge even if it's messy.
It's it's really got to do the tariffs.
Um, even if it's messy. So, the big
picture is really good. The if you're
playing small ball like the troll on
YouTube and you don't understand how
anything works, it just looks like, oh,
my stock went down. My stock went down.
But we can we can get you to a smarter
place. All right. Um, there's a video of
uh Kla Harris acting drunk. She finally
appeared. I guess she thought it was a
good time to go to say something in
public. She was at some event and uh
since the stock market was
down, she decided that uh what she would
do is um it looks like she was drunk. Go
in public and say I don't want to
say I don't want to I don't want to
say I don't want to say I told you so.
That's my Kl Harris impression. Pretty
good, wasn't it?
Yeah. But I was watching the five and
they showed that clip and Pierce Morgan
was uh on the show that day and he just
said, "She looks drunk." And I think uh
Jesse and Greg were sort of on the same
page.
And I I'm so
confused why we could be in a mode where
there now a couple books out where
people are admitting that, you know, the
insiders all knew that um that Biden
was, you know, mentally
disabled. And I'm thinking to myself,
the
insiders, everybody who had a television
or could hear or see knew that he was
mentally, you know, disabled and we
could see the same thing, exactly the
same thing with Harris. She's clearly
inebriated in public on a regular basis.
And are we going to do just do the same
thing? Are we just going to wait a few
years and then somebody will write a
book, you know, when she seems like
she's not a a threat anymore? Somebody's
gonna write a book and say, "Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we we all knew. Everybody knew. We
tried to take the drink away from her,
but she fought us. Looks like that's
what we're going to do. We're just going
to repeat the same thing and act like
we're surprised
again." So, that's coming. Speaking of
books, so one of the two books that
alleged to have the inside story of what
was happening during the you know Biden
Kamla changeover. Um the book called
fight alleges that Harris was and Wals
were completely shocked that they lost
the election and they were actually
asking their staff if they should do a
recount.
So, I wonder if at any point they asked
themselves, "Was this
rigged?" Because I'll bet they did, you
know, even if it was only privately,
don't you think they said to themselves,
"Everybody said we were going to
win." And apparently they've been shown
um they've been looking at polls that
were just the ridiculous rigged polls.
Yes, I think some of the polls were
rigged. So, so I guess her
staff, they must have put him in this
weird position where they thought, "Oh,
we're definitely going to win." And then
she had this surprise of her life.
Anyway, so apparently, according to this
book, uh, she blamed Biden for staying
in the race too long and said she could
have won with more
time.
Okay. How much time do you think that
would have taken? 40 years.
In
Colorado, it looks like there's a bill
that's gone to the next level. So,
there's a proposal that if parents in
Colorado refuse to use their children's
preferred pronouns, they could lose
custody of the
children. Does that that doesn't even
seem real, does it? No, it's not real
yet. It's a proposal, but uh they got
the green light to create the bill, I
guess. And uh misgendering is called
coercive
control. Could you
imagine? Can you
imagine losing custody of your own
child because you didn't go along with
the some pronoun stuff?
That is so beyond anything that my brain
can even handle. I just look at it and
go how is this even
possible? So with any luck that will not
become any kind of a law there, but
we'll see.
All
right, I thought I would give you um a
little uh very quick easy set of
arguments that are the best arguments
about all the tariffs and the situation
we're in. So, I've heard some good
arguments and some bad arguments and I'm
going to tell you the ones that look
most persuasive to me and most correct.
I think I think in this case when you're
talking about economics
uh being persuasive and being right are
kind of the same thing and that's not
always true but you don't want to mess
around with economics right so you don't
want to be real persuasive and
wrong although you know in politics
sometimes that can work out for you but
not when it comes to your finances you
you want your most persuasive argument
to be also
accurate. So, let me give you some of
the best arguments. Um, I saw Victor
Davis Hansen. I always say his name
wrong. I feel so bad about it. But I I I
was hearing him saying that if tariffs
are bad and all the smart people know
that tariffs are bad and that's what
we've been hearing, right? The critics,
everybody knows tariffs are bad. Tariffs
are terrible. Tariffs are bad for your
country. Then uh the question would be
why does every country have tariffs on
us? Are are we the only country that if
we put a tariff on it's bad for us? Is
is China going out of business? They've
got
tariffs. To to imagine that tariffs are
bad for a country while every single
sophisticated modern country has
tariffs. All of
them. That's a pretty good argument in
favor of tariffs, isn't it? What what is
the counterargument to that? Once you've
pointed out that every smart, successful
country has tariffs,
everyone. I I think there are no
exceptions. How can you argue that we're
the only country it would be bad for?
And is it destroying all those other
countries? Doesn't look like it. China
seems to be growing.
So that's your best argument in favor of
tariffs. Now the other argument is of
course that it's primarily for
negotiation and that uh if you look at
say Vietnam, they've already offered um
free trade, zero tariffs. If you look at
Argentina, they're also
negotiating no tariffs. So, if you look
at it as a negotiation, it's a slam dunk
smart thing to do that's already working
because at least two countries have
already said, "Yep, no
tariffs." Um, we we need to get the big
countries or it doesn't matter that
much, but at least directionally it
looks good. All right. So, those are
your two arguments. Every country does
it and it's a
negotiation. So, if you like no tariffs,
this is how you get there. The only way
to get to no tariffs is to put one on
the people who you think you can ne
negotiate to get rid of them on both
sides. Then there's the stock market
argument.
Um I guess the stock market was down
$6.6 trillion in market
value. Never, you know, I always tell
you ignore any numbers that don't come
with percentages. In this case, the
percentage is the thing you should look
for in the stock market, not the number.
Um, but here's the first part of the
argument. It is completely
normal and completely
predictable that there will be 10 to 20%
pullbacks in the stock market for any
number of reasons. Sometimes it just
gets ahead of itself. Sometimes there's
you know some big uh impact in the
country like COVID or something else but
there is no world in which you can go
for 20 years without a 20% pullback.
There's just always a pullback. This
just happens to be the reason it's
happening at the moment. So I guess it's
uh NASDAQ is already down 20%.
Um, and that's the most normal thing in
the world. If you own stocks and ideally
you didn't need to cash them out right
away, it it wouldn't it shouldn't make
any difference to you that it went down
20%. Because I think this would be
my third or fourth time in my life, in
my adult life, where where all my stocks
went down 20%.
And 100% of the time they came
back. All right. So the first thing you
need to the first argument about the
stocks is that if you didn't sell it,
you didn't lose anything. And 10 to 20%
correction is completely normal for any
number of reasons. This just happens to
be the reason right now.
Um then then I'm going to give you
another argument that I worry might
cause you to buy or sell stocks based on
this advice. This is not
advice. This is not advice. But I'm
going to give you a
frame because we're such in such an
unusual
situation. If the stock market continued
to go down and we got into a great
depression, the value of stocks would be
even better once we were in the
depression. If if you had bought stocks
uh at the depth of the Great
Depression, you would have done great.
Sir John Templeton did exactly that.
He's one of the greatest investors in
American history. And he started during
the depression. and he said to himself,
"Huh, either the entire country is going
to go to hell, in which case nobody's
money is worth anything. It wouldn't
matter if you had your money in your
mattress or in the stock market. If it
all
goes, your money's worth nothing no
matter what." So, this is one of those
situations where you could imagine it's
leading to complete ruin of the United
States. So, should you invest? I don't
know. Where else are you going to put
your money?
Would you put it in some other country?
If if the United States was going to go
down the the toilet and just be
completely out of business, that would
take most of the most of the world would
follow, I
think. So, you have one of these weird
situations
where it it seems like things can't get
much worse, but if they did get worse,
it wouldn't matter where your money was,
it would be gone.
It wouldn't matter if you were in bonds
or, you know, buried it in the backyard.
It wouldn't be worth anything if
everything else went to hell. So, I'm
not going to tell you this is a buying
opportunity. I'll just uh disclose that
the last thing I would do is sell my
stocks now. That's the last thing I
would do. But I'm not a financial
adviser. Do not get do not take any
financial advice from me. It's not
advice.
All right. U then there's the argument
that uh the only people being hurt are
the wealthy because it's the top half of
the economic uh United States that own
stocks. There's almost nobody in the
bottom half that owns any stocks and the
top 10% own I don't know 88% of them or
some crazy number.
So I if what if what Trump is doing
is reforming the United States economy
such that it brings back more
manufacturing jobs then that would be
great for the bottom 50% of the country.
Um and ultimately you would be great for
the the top half as well. But uh in the
short run, the people at the top are
going to take a little scare. And the
scare is, well, there goes 20% of your
money, but it's not really gone as long
as they can write it out. And rich
people can write it out
generally. All right. Then there's the
jobs argument. You probably saw that the
jobs report were um unexpectedly
terrific, but this was before the
tariffs were announced. They were
certainly threatening for the last
month. Everybody knew they were coming,
but uh the the US added 228,000 jobs and
that was way above what we thought it
was going to be, 140,000. Now, I would
say the best argument about jobs is that
it didn't have much to do with either
president. Probably wasn't because of
Biden. Probably wasn't because of Trump.
probably just the economy sometimes has
a good month and so I don't think it
predicts anything about tariffs. It
doesn't say that the tariffs are a good
idea or a bad idea. Doesn't tell you
that it'll be the same next month. Um
it's just sort of good news for March
because it could have been worse, but it
does show a little bit of strength which
is a good time to do the tariff stuff.
Then there's the the inflation argument.
The argument that the tariffs are going
to cause
inflation because isn't that what
happens when prices go up? It's called
inflation. But apparently we have a
history that shows that past tariffs,
cuz we've put tariffs on before, didn't
increase inflation. And the people who
are smarter than me say the only thing
that increases inflation is printing
money. You don't increase inflation by
tariffs. Now that might be
counterintuitive because you're saying
to yourself, uh, but my goods and
services, well, goods will cost more.
How is that not inflation? And the
answer is that there are individual
price increases. that would be real, but
that the economy adjusts. It adjust it
adjusts fairly quickly and you would
have uh alternatives. So if you said,
but the cost of my German car went up
20%. I say to you, well, why don't you
buy a Ford, which is giving you now the
employee discount is cheaper than it
used to be. So you could have an option
of spending less if you're okay with you
know American choices over other
choices.
Um the other thing is in the long run of
course if if manufacturing comes back
and we can make our own products you
know prices could drift down potentially
but also if food and energy prices went
way down
um your overall inflation rate would
look pretty good. And it turns out that
uh if we if we make and sell all of our
food to Americans instead of selling
some of it
overseas, it might actually be
cheaper. Um so food prices could go
down. Egg prices are down. You know, we
might find the food prices are not that
affected by the uh by the tariffs. But
oil had just reached an all-time low.
If if every one of our goods and
services went up in
price, but oil went to an all-time
low, it might cancel out because oil and
energy energy is one of the biggest
expenses that goes into any product. So
you might end up finding out, oh, the
the economy looks like it took a big
hit, which causes the demand for oil to
go down, which causes the products to
cost less. So the argument on inflation
is that the only thing that causes it is
printing money, and that tariffs can
cause individual prices to go up in the
short run, but it doesn't cause
inflation in the long run. That's the
argument.
Um then there's the trade deficit
argument where where most of the
countries we're dealing with um they
sell us way more things than they buy
from us. And I've seen two arguments
from smart people. One said, "The trade
deficit is nothing you need to worry
about because it's just numbers on a
piece of paper and it doesn't matter
that we're buying more than they're than
we're
selling." I'm not sure I buy that. The
other argument is the opposite. This
says over time, if you're only um buying
more than you're
selling, then you're probably printing
money to cover the difference and you're
basically going to be out of business
eventually. and we may have reached
eventually. So I do think we have to
figure out that trade imbalance thing.
So I think the best argument is you
can't go forever with trade imbalances,
but you can definitely go for years as
long as you're willing to print money to
make up the difference and you reach the
end of that working. So we're probably
at the end of that
working. So trade deficits we probably
do have to fix. Then there's the Smoot
Holly Tariff Act of 1930 argument. And
the argument is that when the US put uh
tariffs on other countries in 1930s, it
was one of the triggers to create the
Great
Depression. Now, the problem with that
argument is that it's an
analogy, right? Even though you say to
yourself, well, it's not an analogy.
It's exactly the same thing. It's
putting tariffs on things. But no, this
is not 1930. There are too many
differences. The biggest difference is
that I wasn't there in 1930. But these
tariffs are for primarily negotiation
purposes. Was that true for Smooh Holly?
When Smooholly put their tariffs on, did
five countries immediately contact the
US and say, "Hey, how about we all drop
all of our tariffs?" because that's what
just happened with these
tariffs. So I don't think you can
compare a country that was teetering on
the edge and wasn't using it for
negotiating with whatever is happening
today. There would be just too many
differences. And then uh you might
remember as a cynical Publus who's who's
on Acts a great account to follow.
cynical
publus uh argues that back when Gore was
arguing with Ross Perau about NAFTA
um Gore argued that
uh that NAFTA was a good idea and Perau
was saying there would be this giant
sucking sound that would suck the
industry out and Perau was
right. So apparently Perau's argument
that we should have some trade barriers
um which you would think typically would
be bad probably was right. So when you
think about things that limit trade you
can't really just compare 1930s to
today. There just too many differences.
So, some are saying that I saw the Wall
Street Journal had an opinion piece that
China had a good week, meaning that
things are looking good for China
because this, you know, they just have
some kind of negotiating uh advantage.
And they kind of
do. They kind of do. So, one of the
things China has, as I mentioned, is the
Tik Tok thing. Trump has a lot writing
on the Tik Tok deal.
because I think one of his biggest um
funders is an owner of it and needs to
needs some kind of an exit or some kind
of a deal to not lose all of his
billions. And you know, Trump's put his
reputation on it and now China just
yanked it back. So now they have
something to negotiate with in addition
to the tariffs themselves.
So then there's also the China has those
Panama ports that we don't want China to
be
controlling. But I don't know, does that
work for China or against it? Because we
could always just go in there and just
take it and I don't think China would
start a war over it. So that's part of
the
negotiations. But uh I saw today a
source that said that uh China's exports
only
15%5 is to the United States. And then I
said
uhoh.
Uhoh.
Uh that means that they're not dependent
on selling things to the United States.
It's only 15% of their exports.
It seems to me they can ride this out
pretty well. So they probably played
this exactly right by just matching our
tariffs which are unsustainable in
either direction probably. Uh whereas we
might need the things they have like
their you know various parts that that
are necessary for our industries and the
rare earth minerals etc. We might need
them a lot more than they need us. And
that surprised me. If you had asked me
how much of China's exports go to the
United States, if I hadn't looked it up,
probably would have
guessed north of
30%. And if that were the case, then we
would have a pretty good negotiating
position because, you know, 30% of what
they export, you know, they're they're
not going to lose that. But
15 15 is right at the point where they
could say, "You know what? There are
other people who will buy these things.
It's not like we're even going to lose
any sales. We'll just sell it to Russia
instead of you. We'll just sell it to
Japan instead of you." So, China is in
an unusually strong position.
Um, so I don't know where that's going
to go, but I hope I hope uh Trump has
some negotiating tricks in his
bag. Well, according to Fox News, the
military looks like it might cut 90,000
troops
um because of budget reasons. Now, does
90,000 sound like a lot? It does, but
we're also entering the
drone, you know, age.
So, if these 90,000 people can't operate
drones, I just don't know if we needed
them that much. So, I guess we're going
to have to rejigger our entire military
so that we've got, you know, the right
mix of people. But, it's going to be
drone operators, drone experts, drone
retrievers, drone defenders, drone
everything.
Um, so probably 90,000 is uh
survivable. You probably heard that a
federal judge ordered that uh that what
would you call him? Um, I'll say I'll
just say that individual that the Trump
ad Trump administration had shipped off
to the El Salvador prison system. And uh
the federal judge said he did not have
due process. There's some question
whether he was ever in
MS-13, but uh apparently he'll be
brought back. Um I don't have an opinion
on this because if you don't know for
sure if he was part of MS13, uh Pam
Bondi seemed to think he was. I don't
know if the evidence for that was was
good or not, but I don't mind that we
correct. So it looks like this was just
an error. Um, and he he already had a
court order prohibiting from being
deported specifically to El
Salvador.
So, I think the administration admitted
at least that much was a mistake that
they didn't notice that he couldn't be
he couldn't be sent to El Salvador
because of uh specific dangers there, I
guess.
So, if he's truly innocent and he's
never been part of MS-13, this is a
pretty
bad pretty bad mistake. But we also live
in a world where things don't work
perfectly, especially if you're moving
fast and you're trying to save your
country. So, I'm not going to I'm not
going to defend it.
I'm just going to say unfortunately we
live in a world where this can happen
and
uh I don't have any further opinion on
it. Well, Trump's tax plan is being uh
hammered out in
Congress and the Republicans are going
ahead with what they call trillions of
dollars in tax cut extensions because we
don't want the current um tax system to
time out. who was scheduled to time out
and then taxes would have gone up. Um,
and but he wants to increase some uh
border security and some
military. Um, it looks like Ran Paul and
Susan Collins uh broke with the party
and voted against it. Uh, but what
they're working on is what they call a
fiscal
framework. You know what that sounds
like? I if you said, "Hey, uh, I'd like
you guys to come up with a budget." And
instead of coming up with a budget, they
came up with a fiscal
framework. Would you think that they had
done a
job? If this were corporate
America and you knew that all these
people were working on a budget, but
what they returned to you with was a
fiscal
framework. That's almost like not doing
work. I mean, it's pathetic, honestly.
And it it it just
signals a completely broken process. No,
we don't need any freaking fiscal
framework. Just give us a budget or
maybe give us a few of them so we can
pick one. But no, I don't want a fiscal
framework. All
right. You may have seen uh this clip.
Uh there was a guest on CNN named Ashley
Ellison and apparently she worked for
Joe Biden and she said uh uh I worked
for Joe Biden. If the people around him
knew that he was not capable, it is
unacceptable that they allowed him to go
on that stage. And her excuse was that
she didn't she worked for Biden, but she
didn't spend time around him. So
therefore, she was surprised to find out
he was mentally degraded and the
insiders knew it. To which I say, "Nice
try, Ashley Allison, trying to cover
your ass. The rest of us knew it just
because we had televisions and eyes. You
did not need to spend time around Biden
to know that he was mentally degraded.
We've been over this." But I think all
the Democrats now are trying to find a
get out of jail free card where they can
give you some reason why it wasn't
really their fault that they were
supporting a candidate with no
brain. And this was a good try. If you
weren't paying attention, you might say
to yourself, "Oh, okay. Well, they lied
to her. I guess I guess she's mad at
those other Democrats and this must be
the honest and smart one because it
sounds like if she'd been in that
situation, she would have told
people. No, she's just another Democrat
liar who absolutely knew he was mentally
degraded because everybody did.
Everybody who had eyes knew it. So don't
lie to us, you know, a year later and
say, "Well, I didn't spend any time with
him. How could I possibly know? Now, do
you think she also doesn't notice that
that Kla Harris is often inebriated in
public? I guess we'll have to wait for a
new book to come out and then people
will say, "Well, I didn't spend much
time around her, but you know, how could
I possibly have known? Just watch the
videos. Just look at her. It's kind of
obvious."
Pierce Morgan
knew. So, we learned a little more about
the uh that mineral deal with Ukraine
that kept falling through. Scott Bent
was on uh talking to Tucker and uh
here's what he says.
So he says that apparently Zalinski had
guaranteed that the deal was on uh and
then kind of threw the US under the bus
by you know going into the White House
and enacting like it wasn't on or we
still negotiating and blowing it up. And
here's what Scott Bassen thinks is the
real reason the deal looked like it was
going to be signed but then wasn't. Now,
this is his own
speculation, but he's pretty clever, so
I think I'm going to go with him on
this. Um, he said, quote, he said to
Tucker, quote, "You know who doesn't
sign that deal? Someone with their hand
in the till." Because apparently the
mineral deal was designed in a way that
was hard to
skim. So that the Ukrainian people would
have gotten a benefit and the American
people would have gotten a benefit, but
it would not have gone through the the
skimmer in between third parties who
want to take their billion dollars from
everything. And so it was the
criminals who killed the deal because
they weren't getting a
cut. Now, he doesn't have proof of that
as far as I can tell, but it would
explain everything we saw.
So, the fact that it explains everything
has some weight, but uh that's his
opinion and I won't argue it. I guess
the Supreme Court gave Trump a win on uh
the DEI funding for schools. So, now
he's going to be allowed to block $65
million that the Department of Education
otherwise would have granted to Democrat
NOS's to promote DEI in schools. It's
amazing to me that
DEI is just flatout
illegal and we still have to fight to
defund it. How many illegal things that
are obviously illegal and the government
has, you know, the current
administration has declared
illegal? How hard should you have to
fight to not give money to the illegal
thing? It's just incredible. Speaking of
that, uh, James O'Keeffe got on Hidden
Video on his OMG,
um, company there. He got this, uh, uh,
NIH official. He said that he was
coaching researchers how to work around
the DEI ban by using the word ancestry
instead of
race. Oh my god. And, you know, it's
just a typical white guy. And it's
always a white guy. I I I feel like, you
know, the worst offenders are the the
white guys who just can't they can't let
go of their DEI because they they have
their jobs. So, they want to make sure
that, you know, no white guy coming up
can get their
job. Uh then FBI director Cash Patel
says he's going after China's influence
on American farmlands. So, you know, the
issue, uh, China has bought a whole
bunch of farmland in the US and a lot of
it is near our military
bases. But to me, this seems like, as
big an issue as it is, it seems to me
like it's one of a thousand things that
China is doing to the US every day.
Apparently, their China's expenses for
spy stuff on the United States is just
through the roof.
Um that's Fox News was reporting on
that. Um then the European Union is
still trying to censor Elon Musk on X.
So
um interesting engineering is talking
about this. So the European Union the
regular regulators are trying to uh levy
a billion dollar penalty against
X. And it's because they uh that they
violated their European digital services
act according to the New York
Times. Now we assume that all this is
just a way to get to Musk and you know
defang him and also to destroy free
speech in the United States because X is
the primary place. And if they can find
a way to make it impossible for Musk to
stay in business, then the last bastion
of free speech in the United States will
be destroyed by
Europe. Probably with the help of
Democrats in this country, but by
Europe.
Now, I've got to say this puts the
future of NATO very much in question
because I'm I'm not willing to defend a
country that's destroying free speech in
the United States, no matter how
cleverly they do it. And this is kind of
clever. They're find, you know, they
create a set of laws and then act like
it's for everybody, but then they really
go after X and try to put him out of
business. Unacceptable.
absolutely unacceptable. Now, whatever
Trump does, and I assume he'll respond
to this, whatever Trump does in
response, it should be a 10 out of 10.
In other words, we should never have
this conversation again. We should never
ever be talking about Europe ending free
speech in America. If they bring it up
again, I mean, I would just
say we're out. You know, good luck with
Putin and and just remove all our assets
and say good luck. U but I definitely
wouldn't change anything at X if if
that's
possible. Well, the US Air Force is uh
retrofitting some of the F-16 jets with
uh software to make it uh autonomous.
So, there'll be no pilot. And they've
got several of them that they're working
on. They've got six of them they're
playing with. And uh apparently they're
pretty close to having autonomous jets,
at least the
F-16s. Now, at the same time that we're
putting these F-16s up autonomously, the
UK has developed a uh a drone killer
laser weapon uh that only costs them $13
per shot, and it usually takes one shot
to take out a drone. So, I'm not so sure
that
F-16 drones are going to last in the
battlefield too long cuz, you know, you
got to figure all of our adversaries are
going to have these $13 drone killing
lasers, too. So, your your your drone
better cost a lot less than an
F-16. So, I don't know. I don't know if
the F-16 drones have much of a
future. According to RS Technica, most
Americans think AI won't improve their
lives, but the people in the business
think it's going to be terrific. So,
there's this gigantic difference between
the people who are just casually reading
the news about AI and saying, "I don't
think this is going to make my life
better." And then the researchers and
the techies saying, "Oh man, this is
going to be the most amazing thing." So,
we're really not on the same page on
this. Um, we'll see. All right, that's
the last of my stories. I'll remind you
that uh Owen Gregorian is going to host
in just a few minutes a uh afterparty on
this spaces
um app which is within Axe. So, go to X
and if you can find my account, you'll
see I reposted it the link or you can
just search for Owen Gregorian on X.
it'll pop right up at the uh near the
top of his uh his feed and just click
that. I will probably be listening maybe
anonymously. But uh that is all I have
to say for today. I hope it made you all
a little bit smarter and happier. And uh
I will see you again tomorrow. Same
time, same place. And uh I'm gonna say
hi to the locals people privately
um in 30 seconds, but I don't want to
hold you up too too much from going to
uh join the spaces.