I think we should get ready for the best
Saturday podcast you're ever going to
see cuz all the lazy people are sleeping
in. But boy, we're not lazy or we're in
different time zones. That works too.
[Music]
All right, let's get
our our notes and our
comments. Good morning and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains, all you
need for that is a cuper mug or a glass
of tanker cheline in a candy jugger
flask. A vessel of any kind. Fill it
with your favorite liquid. I like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine of
the day. The thing that makes everything
better. It's called the simultaneous
sip. And it's going to happen right now.
Go.
Oh, that's just what I
wanted. Just what I wanted. All right,
get that comment out of
there. There we
go. Well, after the show, um, there will
be a special spaces for those of you who
want a little extra. That'll be hosted
by Owen Gregorian on X. So, if you're on
X, just look for Owen Gregorian's X
account, and you'll see the link for the
spaces that will start after I'm done
here. Well, let's see. There, according
to the Daily Mail, there are secret CIA
files that claim to expose the secret
locations of three alien bases, and two
of them are on Earth.
And apparently they they discovered them
using remote
viewing. Now I guess the remote viewing
was all they needed. So they didn't go
to those places and look around, at
least the ones on Earth, and see if
there were actually any alien bases. Um,
but I'm here to tell you that remote
viewing, which is where you have this
psychic person go, "Oh, I can see miles
from here. there's a submarine base or
whatever. It's not real. Now, you might
say to yourself, "But Scott, there's a
peer-reviewed study that shows that it
is." To which I say, peer-reviewed
studies are not worth anything. You need
a randomized controlled study. Do you
know how many remote viewers have passed
a randomized controlled
study? None.
none. Zero. It's never happened. Now, if
the only test that's good enough for
science is a randomized controlled
study, and if remote viewing were real
and people could do it, it would be the
greatest asset the United States ever
had. I mean, it would it would allow us
to win wars and find aliens and oh my
god, would that be valuable.
But nobody's ever passed a randomized
controlled study for remote viewing.
It's always uh anecdotal. The the one I
always laugh about, there's a famous
case of the the guy who was the best the
best remote viewer and he was told to uh
look at some location in Russia or
Soviet Union. I guess it was a while
ago. and he accurately drew a picture of
a submarine base. So he showed the
submarine and some support structures on
the
port and and I said to myself, "All
right, if somebody asked you to look at
a remote place in
Russia and it was somebody who would be
interested in a
military kind of a
information, don't you think that would
be enough to tip you off that you're
looking for some kind of military thing?
And if that location happened to be on
the water, as in it was a, you know,
uh, sort of an easy place for any kind
of maritime stuff, don't you think you
would say to yourself, hm, sounds like
some kind of naval
base. But if they asked the remote
viewer, that means that they can't see
what they need to see with a
satellite. So you'd say to yourself, hm,
it's near the water. It's Russia. It's
probably military, but you can't see
everything you need to see from a
satellite. What would that leave? A
submarine. So, every time you see one of
these or hear about one of these stories
where a remote viewer got an amazing
hit. Like, how could they possibly have
guessed that? It's the usual way there.
There are just some hints and then every
once in a while somebody's just going to
get lucky. They're just going to
literally guess and and it'll be pretty
close. So that's what remote viewing is.
Remote viewing is very much not real. If
you'd like to check that for yourself,
do what I did, which is ask Grock, has
there ever been a randomized controlled
study that showed that remote viewing is
real? and it will tell you, nope, it is
definitely not real. And if I were to
put a level of uh confidence on this
opinion, because I I tend to say
everything with the same level of
apparent confidence, even if I don't
have it
100%. Yeah, that this is one of my
opinions where I'd say
100%. Well, but would you would you bet
every dollar you have? Yeah. Yeah,
totally. I would bet every dollar I've
ever made. I'm 100% sure remote viewing
is not
real. Well, there's, according to Fox
News, a big surge in uh gun purchases
and also gun training. So, that's the
good news. People are pretty serious
about getting safety training. And
apparently now more than 40% of US
households have a gun. I wonder at what
point burglary doesn't make sense
anymore. If uh if 40% of US households
have a
gun, that's pretty dicey if you're a
burglar, right? And you're trying to go
in there at night and somebody might be
there, but you you think they're
probably not. you. I guess one of the
tricks that the burglars use is they put
a trail cam, a wireless trail cam in
your bushes and they aim it at your
house and somehow they can tell you that
you're not home, but they don't know for
sure. So 40% is quite a quite a
disincentive to go into somebody's
house. According to interesting
engineering, we now have our first uh
18-wheel driverless truck that can do
longhaul deliveries in the US. It's
called uh the Aurora driver system. So,
we've actually got a truck and Aurora is
a Pittsburgh based autonomous vehicle
tech startup and they're already
pressing it into service for deliveries
between Dallas and Houston. So, this is
the first time that you could go out
there and you could potentially see a,
you know, big wheel or what, what do
they call it? A big rig, uh, longd
distance truck with no driver. I'm
pretty sure I saw a story that said
Tesla is pretty far along in building
their own. So, I would hate to be a
startup company that was going to
compete against a Tesla self-driving
longhaul truck cuz I feel like Tesla
could make them cheaper in the long run
and their and their driving, you know,
their self-driving system will be
superior. So, that's going to be a tough
one to compete
with. According to uh Eric Dolan who's
writing for a site post um a new study
published in political psychology says
that uh at least in the United States
political identity is the strongest
driver of how people view other people.
So we've actually transcended race and
religion and gender and sexual
preference and everything else. But if
you're the same political view, you're
okay. Now, it seems to me that this is
sort of a a a move in the right
direction. On the surface, it would seem
like, oh no, we're we're so divided, you
know, by politics, which we are. We're
seriously divided by politics. But the
the accidental
um outcome of that is that we're less
divided by race and religion and
gender. Apparently, if you meet somebody
that has the same political views,
you're just
friends and the other stuff just melts
away. And that's sort of the first time
that's ever been the case.
So, uh, finally, a color-blind world,
which also suggests that the democrat
idea of identity politics is truly dead
because the more divided we get
politically, the less we care what color
somebody is. I was I was looking at a uh
video yesterday of a black conservative,
I won't name him, who said some things
that were super pro provocative and
interesting.
And I just said to myself,
conservative, you know, I actually feel
this difference that, you know, we're
not we're not blind to race. Of course,
we notice, but it's just not the thing
that makes you form any kind of an
opinion. It's an
observation and then you move on. The
the decision making part has to do with
their brain and, you know, their
beliefs.
In other news, MIT Technology Review
says there's going to be for the first
time a uh a magic uh
pig who they've used the crisper
technology to edit its genes so that it
doesn't give some kind of common virus
that pigs usually get before they're
shipped to slaughter. So now we have
these special
uh special pigs with special genes made
by Crisper. And you know you know what
that makes me ask? Will the bacon
be
crisper? Will the bacon be crisper?
That's what I want to know. The whole
pig is crisper. So yeah, should
be. Well, Trump is uh continuing to
troll the world in his Trump-like way.
Uh he he posted on True Social an image
and AI image of himself being the next
pope because he was asked the other day
who he thinks should be the next pope.
And he said, "I think I should be.
That'd be a great
job." And I love how provocative that
is. It's on one hand you could tell he's
just joking and on the other hand you
think well is that being
disrespectful and then you think well
it's not really
disrespectful if he personally wishes he
could have the
job because that would suggest it would
be a good thing to have. So the fact
that he just has that instinct to to
keep us continually laughing or or
angered is amazing. Now I've got a frame
on Trump that's my own frame that I I
don't talk about too much. But when you
hear people say, "Oh, he's got chaos and
you don't know what he's going to do and
he's unnecessarily mean and you know why
is he doing this and why is he doing
that?"
I always think of the uh the Bill Maher
experience where he found out that Trump
in person has nothing to do with public
Trump. The public Trump is a show. He's
the world's greatest
showman. And when you watch his uh his
rallies, it would be tempting to say,
"Oh, wow. He's like a good standup
comedian because he makes people laugh.
No. No. Or you'd say he's a good public
speaker. No, that's not quite it. He's
the greatest
showman. He and he understands the power
of the show. And so when he does things
like, you know, posting himself as the
Pope, that's the show.
If you talk to him in person, he would
presumably laugh about that. But if you
don't know the difference between the
show and the real person, you get all
bent in the shape because you think the
show is real. No, it's a show. And he
understands the power of the show that
he can keep your attention. He can, you
know, he can divert you if he needs to.
He can he can make you love him. It's
the show. And I don't think that he's
the even the least bit confused about
what's his real personality and what is
the show. But boy is a show good. So
good. All right. I guess uh Reuters is
reporting that uh Texas
uh we saw this come and signed a $1
billion school voucher law. So now, if
you wanted to take your kid to a private
school and get them out of the garbage
schools of the of the public school uh
system, you could get up to $10,000 per
kid that you could use that the state
would give you, you could use for your
private school. To which I asked the
following question, is that even close
to being enough?
What is the price of a good private
school? I thought it might be a lot more
than $10,000 a year, but maybe there's a
difference between the high-end ones and
the normal ones or something. Does
anybody have that information? The
average cost of a uh private school?
Because if all this is doing is allowing
rich kids to save some money. Somebody
says 25 a year. 20 a year. Yeah, that's
kind of what I was guessing. I was
guessing 25
plus. Uh 60,000 a culver. Wow. 20 in
Canada. 20 to
45. Yeah. So all it's really going to do
is allow rich kids to save some money,
right? Because the poor kids, the ones
who really need to have the choice, the
poor kids aren't going to be able to
afford it just cuz they got an extra
10K. So we'll keep an eye on this, but I
don't know if this makes a difference in
the real world except to be just a gift
to some rich kids.
Well, according to the BBC, I'm not sure
how much of this story. I believe
there's an individual, one guy who spent
uh 20 years uh allowing himself to be
bit by different
snakes on purpose and also injecting
himself in some cases with snake venom.
and he
survived and uh he survived more than
200 bites from different snakes that he
intentionally allowed to happen. And
apparently the net effect of this is he
built up some natural
immunity that would cover a whole range
of different kinds of snakes. So now the
scientists are trying to figure out how
they can, you know, harvest his immunity
and make it available to other people so
that snakes won't hurt
us. I'll tell you that guy sounds a
little bit
crazy. Is he crazy or is he just like
the greatest hero we've ever known
because he decided to take on this
challenge and get bitten 200 times? To
me, that sounds a little mentally
ill. So, I hope the mental illness is
not in his blood because the only part I
want is the snake
immunity.
Anyway, according to the Wall Street
Journal, they're acting surprised that
the US economy is showing significant
resilience. For example, the jobs
numbers are pretty good and the stock
market rally is pretty good and
um and the uh unemployment rate is
pretty good and bunch of companies are
trying to bring more business into the
United States which is pretty good. Now,
of course, our debt problem is is
terrible, but there are a whole bunch of
normal things that look like they're
stronger than you would expect given
that we're in some kind of a tariff war.
But, uh, we we've already forgotten that
the Democrats stopped talking about
eggs. Have you noticed
that the Democrats went from eggs, eggs,
eggs, eggs to
um, how about chaos? Can we talk about
chaos and gas prices? Aren't gas prices
at least a little bit lower since Trump
took over? So, eggs and gas prices went
from one of the top things that every
single Democrat had to say every time
they talk in public to never mind never
mind about those eggs because they've
their prices come way down. All
right. Uh, I'm going to give you here's
the most useful thing I'm going to do
today. I'm going to reframe
Trump in a way that you haven't seen
done. You've seen parts of it, but you
haven't seen it done
comprehensively. Number one, you you are
all aware that Trump has said many
times, he said it out loud, I think he's
written it in his books, that he likes
to be
unpredictable, right? So, we're all
aware that he's intentionally
unpredictable. So, what the Democrats
did, which was kind of clever, is they
reframed
unpredictable to
chaos. And then it sounds bad. And chaos
is one of those words that just scares
people who aren't paying attention,
especially the elderly. If you're
elderly and you're depending on your
social security and the Democrats tell
you that Trump's full of chaos and he
might cut all your benefits, well, you
might believe it. So, you know, they're
using that uh Nazi persuasion technique
of the big lie followed by infinite
repetition, and it kind of works. But
here's what you need to know. The chaos
is just his normal technique of being
unpredictable.
Now, you might say to me, "But Scott,
clearly the tariff roll out was kind of
a just a hot mess. It looked like they
didn't have it well planned and then as
soon as it came out, they're like, "Oh,
oh, but we'll we'll change this and oh,
we didn't mean it. We'll drop the tariff
on that one." And oh, oh, well, we'll
make this tweak. And did I say 100%, I
meant 145%. and and and then it looked
to us like all kinds of poor poor
planning. But here's the frame that you
need to understand because I know Trump
does. Have you ever heard the saying in
war that a war plan only lasts until the
first shots are fired? Because once the
first shots are fired, you have to
figure it out like you had done no
planning
whatsoever. because it depends where the
shots came from and you know and all
that. Uh Mike Tyson has a version of
that for boxing and he says that your
your game plan for your boxing match
only lasts until the first time you get
punched in the
face. So my question is this, how much
was the right amount of planning and
implementation for the tariffs? And the
answer is if you believe that that
should have been really really well
planned then you don't understand what
Mike Tyson was saying and you don't
understand what every general will tell
you. Your plan is only good until the
first shot is fired or the first time
you get punched in the face.
And he knew because anybody smart would
know that when he introduced tariffs on
all these countries and it was sort of
all over the place that there would be
lots of shots fired and lots of punches
in the face and then you figure out from
there. But in the meantime you're
getting the benefit of being
unpredictable. Now you might say but
wait a minute why is unpredictable good?
Unpredictable is bad, especially for the
economy, right? Unpredictable is the
worst thing you could have for an
economy.
Well, temporarily, we saw that our
economy pulled back a little bit, right?
Stock market dropped, things, you know,
the news coverage turned
negative, but that's all part of the
plan. That's the part where you're
getting punched in the face.
So
Trump was accurately and correctly not
too worried about what step two would
be. Step one was to get everybody all
mad and and to make it their top
priority. So persuasionwise, if you can
make something somebody's top priority
and they're paying attention to it and
they're booking flights to come over
here to talk about it, that's a home
run. Now, some people say,
"Scott, couldn't you do it the boring
normal way where you just uh you have
your ambassador contact each country and
say, "We'd like to renegotiate our trade
deal. Can you meet with us?" That
wouldn't have worked. There's nobody
smart who thinks that would have worked.
Would it have worked a little bit if you
took four years for each uh nation
you're working with? Maybe a little bit,
but by being unpredictable and maybe a
little crazy. The crazy is part of the
process, by the way. And remember, this
is a
show. It's not his personality. It's not
who he is in quiet moments. This is all
part of the show. And what Trump can do
that no one else can do is he can
weaponize the show. And that's what he
did. So when he says um how much he
loves tariffs and it's going to be
replacing income taxes and then money's
going to be rolling in, that's the show.
That's not necessarily something you're
supposed to believe is specifically
true. That's the show. And if the show
gets every other country to feel
uncomfortable because there's too much
uncertainty, that's exactly what he
needs. If you're going to negotiate
productively, you don't want to have
your ambassador call their ambassador
and set up a meeting because the other
country, if they have an advantageous
trading situation, which they do,
they're just going to shine you on.
They're just gonna tap you on as Trump
likes to say. They're gonna go tap tap
tap and oh yeah, we'll let's schedule
that meeting next year. Oh, too bad. Our
ambassador got replaced. Uh why don't we
wait another 6 months and then we'll
we'll totally have that trade meeting.
In the real world, the countries that
had better trade deals than we do and
therefore were already at an
advantage, they would just delay and
then they wouldn't seriously
negotiate. What you needed was somebody
who looks crazy and
committed and unpredictable.
If you throw that at somebody, hey, you
know your economy, it might completely
collapse. I'm not saying it will, but
you know, some things are in motion and
people who don't deal with this, they
might get some secondary tariffs. You
never know. Maybe they're big ones,
maybe they're 145%. There's just no way
to know how bad things could get if you
don't negotiate with us right away.
So the first thing you need to know is
that chaos is really just the reframe of
unpredictable. Unpredictable is good if
you know how to use it. Unpredictable
comes with a
show. Trump puts on a show which he
knows is a show. So when he says things
that sound to you crazy, it's not like
he doesn't know
it. He knows it's making you crazy. and
he knows it creates a a sense of urgency
in all the people who get dragged into
the show, which so far is every country
we do business with. So, what would you
do if you were an Asian country that
didn't want any
uncertainty? You would get on the first
plane you could, you'd come over here
and you'd give up something to get your
certainty back. And that's what's
happening.
So uncertainty causes anxiety in the
person you were dealing with. They need
to get rid of the anxiety and so they're
going to give you something to get back
to
certainty. That's how negotiations work.
If if you have a showman doing it who
really understands the field, if you
were a Democrat and you're just watching
it, you say stupid like, "Oh, why
don't you use a scalpel instead of a
chainsaw?" That's what somebody with no
real experience or understanding of the
show or negotiating or anything says
because they they imagine that the
normal boring processes would get you a
good outcome. They won't. They never
could. They don't have that power. But
he's created a situation where he
definitely has the power to get people
to want to get rid of their
anxiety. And you saw that the stock
market as soon as it saw something that
looked like a little bit of certainty
went, you know, right up. And there's
probably more to come on that.
So, here's what you need to know.
Um there's probably no uncertainty
whatsoever about what it is we want from
each
country. So we might say South Korea, we
just need uh to get rid of these tariffs
on these three things. China might be we
need you to stop doing the fentinel
business. We need you to stop stealing
IP and we need a bunch of stuff with
tariffs at the negotiating level. You
know, the the people who actually be in
the room to negotiate the beginning of a
deal, they know exactly what they're
going to ask for. They know what a bad
deal looks like and they know which
country has which kind of bad deals with
us and there's no uncertainty there
whatsoever. We know what their situation
is and we know what we'd prefer. So, we
know what we're going to ask for. And
the other countries probably know that,
too. They probably show up knowing
exactly what we're going to ask for
because they also understand their their
trade
advantage. So,
um, here's what I think. As soon as
Trump gets a few deals signed,
everything's going to look different.
Now, the Democrats are going to have to
come up with a whole new attack. So, I
guess they'll say that the trade deals
are worse than what he had, even if
that's not true, cuz you know, people
aren't going to really be really really
be able to check. So, they'll probably
just come up with a new Nazi lie and
say, "Oh, we just gave away the farm."
And then the average person won't even
know how to check to find out if we came
out ahead or behind. And then they'll
just repeat it over and over. Oh, I gave
away the farm. Gave away the farm. Looks
like he gave away the farm. And they'll
have a little phrase that they'll all
repeat. And it might be that one. He
gave away the
farm. And they'll repeat it endlessly,
which is the the Hitler technique
because that the Democrats are fully
committed to Hitler and persuasion at
this point. They're they're they're
completely down with it.
And then uh they're going to say stuff
like this. I saw somebody say that uh
the reshoring of the chipm it's not even
reshoring because it wasn't here that in
the first place but uh you know there
TSMC I guess said it's broken ground now
in its third chip making place in the
United States.
And I saw somebody say, "You don't
understand. It will take 10 years to
build a new chip manufacturing plant in
the United States." To which I say, "So
that means we should start today,
right?" If you think that because it
takes 10 years, you shouldn't do it.
What the hell is
that? What kind What kind of idea is
that? that if it takes 10 years to do
it, this thing which is completely
necessary that you shouldn't do
it. No, if it takes 10 years, you should
start now and you should try to get it
down to five, which is probably
possible. So, he's got that going for
him. And
uh the other thing that uh the Democrats
get wrong is they say that he's ruined
our reputation in the world. Do you
think that's
true? Do you think if Trump starts
rolling up the trade negotiations and he
gets a win after win after win and he'll
probably start with our friendliest
trade partners so that he knows he gets
some easy wins? You know, it won't be
China first. Um, do you think that the
other countries will say,
"Oh, he's crazy." Or will they say, "All
right, well, okay, it started out kind
of sketchy, but he is getting some deals
and they are good for the United
States." The thing you need to know
about international relations is is
they're not personal. They're all
transactional. The the the very minute
that another country needs the United
States for anything, they're going to be
friendly.
The minute they don't need us for
anything ever, including national
defense or trade, well, they're going to
be
jerks. And it has nothing to do with
Trump making people mad and insulting
people. That stuff is completely just
transient. It It just gets them going.
It makes them pay attention to the
United States. It makes them think that
whatever we need them to do is the most
important thing they need to do to to
make their uncertainty go away.
But by far all that matters is we end up
in a good place. So if we end up in a
place where we're trading with other
countries and we've got a maybe some
kind of defense agreement with them,
they're going to be perfectly happy.
Maybe they need to wait for the next
president, but that's not too far away.
The United States is not going to like
lose all of its, you know, reputation
just because it did a good job getting
better trade deals. That's not going to
happen. Let's talk about Doge. You know,
I've been a critic of Doge in the sense
that I don't believe some of their
anecdotal stories of successes and um I
was hoping for a trillion dollars in
savings, but it looks like, you know,
they're not going to get close to that.
But they are doing something that is so
wonderfully big and important that it
might be bigger than even the
savings which is they're putting in
fraud catching
systems. And by that I mean requiring
let's say a code and some kind of a
receipt before money is dispersed so
that people just can't easily get away
with fraud. That might be the most
important thing they do because if they
upgrade the systems and systems here is
both computer as well as how people
act and they put in fraud catching
systems that might be your trillion
dollars. I mean, I don't know how big it
could be, but when you look at how much
is clearly being stolen from taxpayers,
that could be the biggest legacy that
there'll always be a
Doge. I said this before that, you know,
the big benefit is that we know what a
Doge is and we realize we didn't have
one. Meaning that we didn't have anybody
looking to see if we were being
efficient and legal or if they were
fraud. So once people realize, oh well,
if he did it right, and everybody has a
different idea what that looks like, but
if he did it right, it'd be a good idea
to have a Doge everywhere in your state,
in your corporation, in your
organization. So yeah, it's a completely
uh civilization
altering concept and it's an important
one. I guess the White House hasn't uh
unveiled a new website that some say
looks like the old Drudge Report. New
York Post is reporting on this. And the
idea is that the White House wants to
tell people what's, you know, real and
what's, you know, not fake news. So,
we'll see. I haven't seen it yet, but
I'm sure it's
biased. I don't know how much play it'll
get, but it's a sort of a good idea. I
do think the the White House having a
hoax list, which they have, and then
putting their own their own frame of uh
what the truth is on their
website. Pretty good. Making it look
like a a news report. Um that's that's
probably a good decision as well.
Well, Bill Maher's panel
um apparently didn't like the idea that
Oklahoma is going to require their
students to learn that the 2020 election
was quote tainted by
fraud. Now, without getting into the
weeds of whether the 2020 election was
in fact tainted with fraud and and I
would say that there are two categories
of fraud. One would be, you know, money
coming in from the outside and the
lawyers changing the rules and, you
know, changing them in a way that the
courts would never have agreed, but
somehow they didn't look at it. Um, that
seems pretty sketchy, but not exactly
what I'd call fraud. It just seems like
the election was gamed. I will say
gamed, but not necessarily illegally. in
some cases maybe in a minor way. But the
the other one would be is there actually
some obvious case of you know real fraud
like where fake votes were counted and
stuff and then you also have the issue
of the illegal voters etc.
Um, so we don't have to get into that,
but I like the fact that Oklahoma is
going to teach their students that it
was tainted with
fraud. I do think there's enough
publicly confirmed information to say, I
don't know about that
election. I'm not so sure that we had
all the controls on everything that we
needed. I'm not so sure you could even
audit it. And why in the world was there
just one year in which there were way
more Democrat voters that didn't match
the historical trend and didn't even
match what happened at the very next
election. Now to me that is pretty
tainted. Now can I prove it? Nope. I
don't have any proof that the election
was stolen or rigged. But it looks
exactly like it. you know, from from
just a you know, an interested
observer's point of view, it certainly
looks like it was fraudulent because if
we don't see that level of Democrat
voters in the next election, it's going
to be really obvious that that was a
oneoff. Yeah. And then also, as Owen's
saying, the the bell weather places were
all wrong. Like all the bell weathers
were sort of opposite of what they
should have been.
So my bigger question now, you know,
is if Oklahoma is teaching a different
history than the other
states, how could we ever trust
history? And the answer is we couldn't
and we shouldn't. I don't think much of
our American history is accurate.
You know, I think I've learned at least
two different versions of every big
story of America. You know, I when I was
little, I learned that the uh the
pilgrims and the Irakcoy Indians, they
got along
great. And and Squanto, the Irakcoy
Indian, taught that taught us how to put
an ear of corn in the hole. And no, a
fish. Use a fish as a fertilizer in the
hole. so your corn would grow or
something like that. And you know,
everybody got along
great. Then you get older and you read
you read the real versions, you know,
with these smallpox on blankets and and
uh Christopher Columbus using the locals
as cattle. You would actually they would
actually ride on their backs. They would
just enslave them and use them as
horses. Basically, they would just climb
on the backs of the locals and make the
locals trot along.
I don't even know if that's true, but I
read it in some history book.
So, if our news is obviously fake, how
could we possibly have real
history? It's not possible. We can never
have real history if our news is fake
because the history comes out of the
news,
right? Uh well, there's now even more
internal Democrat ondemocrat hate. So
there's a exNancy Pelosi adviser who
also worked as the as a comm's person
for Kla Harris and worked for Obama at
one point. And so it's somebody who's uh
really you know really in what would you
say really connected in the Democrat
world Ashley Etien and she was on a
podcast for
Politico's playbook deep dive and she
went after uh Hakee Jeff for his lack of
leadership
skills and I thought well why did that
takes him so long? Every time I see
Hakee Jeff talking, I think to
myself, really? That that's sort of the
best talker they
got. Of all the people in the world that
they could have picked to be their main
sort of a main voice, they picked him
cuz he doesn't seem very good at what he
does. Like his like the things he said
are just sort of obvious just talking
points. All he does is repeat talking
points. And I think that's the same
thing that Ashley at the end is saying
that he's just not really adding
much. And I wonder if that's enough for
them to actually make a change. And my
guess is nope. I don't think it's enough
to make a
change. So they've got the worst
leadership. Schumer, Hakee Jeff, you
know, Pelosi is now a thousand years
old. And I don't think they have the
ability to change them. You know, in
some cases because there's a DEI thing,
in other cases because somebody who's
been there so long that they have too
much power and control. Um, they are in
real
trouble. Here's the least
surprising update. A federal judge has
ruled. Can we go one day without me
having to tell you a story that starts
with a federal judge has ruled and you
know that whatever comes after that
you're not going to like. A federal
judge has ruled uh that Trump's
executive order going after Perkins
Kuey, the law firm that was doing some
bad behavior according to the Trump
administration, it that uh going after
them and taking away their
uh I guess their u security clearance is
unconstitutional and permanently
blocked.
Now, wouldn't you expect that a law firm
as capable and powerful as Perkins Kuey
could find at least one
judge to to com What just happened? Hold
on. My light just went
off. That was weird. Um, don't you think
that a high-powered legal firm that
would be connected to everybody could
shop for a judge and find at least one
judge who would say, "No, that order
against us is all illegal." Well, they
did. It's the least surprising thing
you'll ever see in the news. Do you
think they're done? No. Perkins Kuey is
very powerful. So maybe on day one they
took a hit when Trump surprised them by
trying to take away their access and
stuff, but you knew that they were going
to, you know, gather up and come up with
a plan and it wouldn't be a bad plan cuz
they didn't get to be Perkins Gooey
unless they were really good at
stuff, especially in the legal domain.
So of course they were going to come
back strong and there it is. Looks like
they
win. Um, and it turns out the CBS News,
complete coincidence here. Listen to
this coincidence. CBS News is planning
to run a segment on 60 Minutes about
President Trump targeting law
firms and other enemies. Oh, do you
think that they were planning to do that
anyway? Or is it possible that Perkins
Kuey or somebody who is allied with them
said, you know, hey CBS, you know what
would be a good story if you did a story
about how Trump is targeting the law
firms. Now, I don't have any information
that says Perkins Gooey is behind CBS's
decision, but wouldn't that be good
lawyering if they
were? And they're good lawyers. You you
don't think that there was even one
person at Perkins Kuey who could get to
somebody who was a decision maker of CBS
and say, "Hey, if you did this story,
you know, we're going to open our kimono
and we're going to have lots of people
talk to you and we'll we'll package up
this story so you really got a
winner." I don't know that they did
that, but they would be the kind of
highly capable lawyers who should know
that they should do that. I mean, it
would be a good play. So, if they didn't
do it, they're sure getting
lucky. And I don't believe in that much
luck. So,
again, if you thought that Perkins Kuey
was just going to roll over and take the
loss, no, that's not how that works.
They were going to regroup and come back
stronger. And boy, did
they. But we don't know if they
influenced the CBS news.
It just looks like a weird coincidence,
if you know what I
mean. So, I saw some uh a long thread
inspired by Mike Benz, but put together
by data republican, who who you should
follow next, data
republican. And it's a story about how
all these
NOS's came into being. And the story is
that George Soros wrote a document and
he laid out 30 years ago how NATO should
transform from a fighting the Soviet
Union which was going out of
business to some kind of a open society
promoting
entity and that it would be done mostly
with uh things that look like
non-military things. In other words,
NOS's and other, you know, charity
things. And so he laid out what uh what
we should be doing, we the West, I
guess, and the United States and NATO.
And what we should what NATO should be
doing according to Soros again this is
30 years
ago is not so much focusing on war
because the threat of war at least with
the Soviet Union was much smaller after
the Soviet Union was you know falling
apart. Um, and instead it should be to
reshape other countries into this
so-called open
society because if you got rid of the
populists and even then they knew that
populists were the problem and they said
that populists like Trump were the
problem because they needed an
enemy. Now, I'm not sure that's true in
Trump's world, except for maybe
immigration, but that's not really an
enemy situation, per se.
Um, so that wherever there was a country
that had a populist leader, they would
try to use their non-military power to
get rid of the populist and put in place
a system that would be resistant to
populists.
And here's what uh the open society
should look like. Now, this is in
concept. It's not the real world, but in
concept, the open society that Soros
wanted all these other countries to
follow would be they should be
democracies with free markets, civil
rights, minority protections,
transparency, and a a global rules-based
order.
Now, I don't know if that's anything
close to to how things are playing out
in the real world, but they they needed
to avoid nationalism. Well, I'll say
nationalism instead of populism. So, he
was railing against
nationalism because nationalism is the
one that uh attracts enemies basically
or or at least identifies as somebody
else is an enemy.
and he thought uh that the open society
should be sort of dominated by outside
forces and elites. Um I think that's an
interpretation. But here's a Soros quote
that data Republican is giving us. Um
combating closed societies involves the
building of democratic states and open
societies and embedding in them
structure which precludes certain kinds
of behavior.
uh embedding in
them a structure that precludes certain
kinds of
behavior. Would that be something like
building a
um some kind of a anti-free speech
censorship mechanism that affects a
whole bunch of different countries from
the outside but also from the inside? I
think it would. So the the censorship
stuff that a lot of the NOS's were
involved
in seem like it fits into this category
of a structure that precludes certain
kinds of behavior. In other words,
anything
that you know Soros doesn't want to be
said out loud. There would be a
mechanism, a censorship mechanism. Now
this is this is my extending the
argument. This is not coming from data
republicans specifically.
Um, so all these NOS's would pop up and
all they'd have to do is say, "Hey,
we're part of this creating these
countries being less
nationalism and more open
societies and we'll put some mechanisms
in place that can control them directly
or
indirectly and uh that the new purpose
of NATO was to assimilate countries as
open societies.
So that's what Soros was pushing 30
years ago. And
um and it was also specifically meant
that NATO would try to expand its
presence eastward and pick up those ex
Soviet block countries which it did. So
it's exactly what we saw. So
um the open society was something that
the uni party agreed on. It was
basically a way to conquer other
countries but make it look like it was
more of a natural outcome instead of a
war. you would conquer them
with you know influence basically money
and
influence and uh as data republican
points out this isn't just
theoretical that uh there are some
examples of 1994 the partnership for
peace launched in 99 NATO admitted
Poland Hungary Czech Republic 2004
uh NATO brought in Estonia, Latafia,
Lithuania, Romania, Bulgar area 2008 to
2022
uh brought in well tried to bring in
Ukraine and Georgia but they didn't make
it and in 2023 Finland joins
um and then a stated Republican asks why
did everybody go along with it like how
do you get so many people to get on
board with a plan like this and the
answer is that the amount of money
involved was enormous
So everybody could figure out how to get
a taste. It's like, well, if I go along
with this, I could start an NGO or I
could work on one and there's all this
money slopping around. I could get me
some of that money. So pretty much money
was behind it
all. So I don't know if that helps you
understand how we got to where we are,
but it helped me.
David Saxs had an interesting post about
how quickly AI would uh improve. Now,
some smart people disagreed with him,
but um he was talking about how uh by
the end of the Trump administration,
assuming he just goes four more four
years this time, um that the models
themselves would be 100 times better and
that would be a normal compounding rate
from what we've seen. uh the chips would
be 100 times better and the data centers
uh would have 100 times more chips for a
total increase. If you take all these
hundreds 100 times 100 times hundreds
you get to a million times more
artificial
intelligence a million times
more. So whatever you think is how
awesome AI
is by the end of the Trump
administration, it could be a million
times stronger than what we say. A
million times. Now some critics, and I
might be one of them, will say something
like, "Yeah, but the other possibility
is that AI has already plateaued."
Now, it's it's still getting better, you
know, in a whole bunch of different
ways, but the large language models
might have some kind of a limit, you
know, once you've trained it every way
you can train it. Um, you know, they
maybe from that point the benefits are a
little bit slower, you know, norm more
normal like a regular software. We don't
know.
But I do know that to get to the uh the
super intelligence that we're warned
about, probably they need to invent some
new techniques, not just make the
current techniques faster. So, we'll see
if any of that happens. But it's going
to be a crazy world. Apparently, Google
says that 30% of all their computer code
is now being written by
AI, but I'll bet they still need the
real physical programmers. So, I don't
know how long it's going to be before
that goes away. According to the Wall
Street Journal,
um, somebody in China has been asking,
it's the Chinese Minister for Public
Security and he's been inquiring what
the Trump administration expects on the
fentinel
question because China is sort of slowly
preparing to negotiate trade and
fentinel was one of the things that
Trump laid down as important and So
allegedly, according to the Wall Street
Journal, there's at least one person
who's in the right kind of job who's
saying, "Can you tell us more about what
you'd expect us to do?" Now, to me, that
sounds like they're getting ready to
negotiate, and they just want to be
prepared.
Um and uh according to Fox News,
uh Beijing has now sort of laid down the
following condition, I guess, that they
be willing to talk. So they're quote
evaluating an offer from the US to hold
talks on tariffs. So they're not
rejecting it. They're evaluating the
offer to talk. So they want to act sort
of like uh like we're wooing them or
something. So they're they're not coming
to the table because we're bullying
them. They're coming to the table
because we're asking nicely and you know
they they'll consider it. So that's the
way they want to frame it. Um, so as
long as Trump starts to talk nicely to
them, it looks like they're willing to
take baby steps toward uh negotiating
because of course they have
to. So I think that's going to happen.
Um, according to uh Terren Cole, who is
uh Trump's pick to head the the DEA, he
told the Senate Judiciary Committee that
the cartels now govern most of
Mexico. And he claims that the drug
lords aren't just influencing cops in
the military, they're working with them.
So the the government and the cartels
are basically indistinguishable now.
Okay. So if you if you wondered whether
we have to send our military down there
to take care of business, it's not going
to happen with the Mexican military
unless they do some, you know, I think
they do some fake outs where they just
go after a rival, you know, the weaker
rival cartel and then they tell the
United States, look, look, we're doing
things to get rid of drugs here. We got
rid of the, you know, this cartel.
But really, they're just working with a
stronger cartel who wanted to get rid of
the competition. I feel like that's
what's happening. So, we'll see if Trump
can work his way through that.
Meanwhile, according to the Wall Street
Journal, Colombia is at a new high and
making cocaine. Do you remember it
wasn't that long ago when our CIA and
the Colombian government worked together
to go after the uh cocaine fields and
they were spraying them and they were
working hard to arrest people and they
really they knocked down the cocaine
production in Colombia by I don't know
70% or something. It was quite
successful, but there was a lot of push
back and ultimately that partnership
fell apart and now Colombia is making so
much cocaine
um because they're getting better at it
and there's just more of it that they
that they need special uh narco
submarines to move it all. So, they've
got these um
semi-ubmarines where the top of it is
still above the water, but it's very
very shallow and doesn't look like
there's much going on on the top. Uh but
the rest of it is underwater, so it's
harder to spot. And apparently, one of
these was on the way from Colombia to
Australia. And I thought, really? They
have the technology to build a
semi-ubmarine that can take tons of
cocaine all the way to
Australia. Now, it got caught, but
apparently they make so much that losing
a few tons of cocaine is no big
deal. According to the Jerusalem Post,
uh the US is going to withdraw some of
its efforts as mediator in the Ukraine
Russia peace talks. So according to
Tammy Bruce, State Department
spokesperson,
um she said that the methodology for the
talks will change and that we will not
be the mediators. So the US is kind of
saying, "All right, we've done what we
can do. Um, now you're going to have to
talk with each other or nothing's going
to happen. Cuz we were obviously we knew
that neither of them can make a deal
with each other by talking to a third
party, us that, you know, maybe you
could toss out some ideas and find out,
you know, where the guard rails are and
stuff like that, but you couldn't really
make a deal by not talking to the person
you're making a deal with. So since they
were not talking directly, it looked
like nothing was going to happen. So
Rubio, Marco Rubio told reporters that
the US could not continue to dedicate
its resources to talks that would not
succeed. Um so we're basically pulling
back. So that we got that mineral deal
signed which makes it look like we have
a long-term economic interest there. you
I think we could debate how real that
deal is and how long it would take
before anybody makes any money on it. Um
that would be a perfectly fair
conversation, but
um I think this would be a test of my
predictive ability. How many of you
remember me predicting kind of a while
ago that it didn't look like um either
Russia or Ukraine were seriously
interested in peace? And I predicted
that we would have to step away because
they just weren't serious. Well, there
it is. I don't know how many other
people predicted that there was no way
that the two of them were going to be
serious about a deal, but I got that one
right. So, if you're keeping
score,
however, here's some related news that
might be important to it. Um, according
to New Atlas, there's a new drone
company in the United States that
claims, and this claim has not been
verified, because it's a big claim, that
they can make incredibly high
performance drones in the United States,
and they can make them for a cost that's
competitive with China's cost for making
drones. That's quite a claim. Um, but
that not only would it be cost
competitive, but it'll fly four times
longer, 10 times further, and 10 times
quieter, and carry five times more
payload. So, it's a Silicon Valley based
company called
Sci-Fily. And of course, there would be
other drone companies as well. So, do
you think that's real? There are some
skeptics who say, "We're going to have
to see this thing.
You know, we're not going to take the
press release as true. We're going to
need to see this. How in the world do
you make your How do you make your drone
so cheaply? It just doesn't seem like
that's economically possible. But maybe,
you know, maybe they fully automated it
and it's 3D printers and a couple of
robot arms and you're off to the races.
Could
be. Or it could be vapor. But here's
what I think. I think the US has decided
that Ukraine is going to be our drone
testing
environment. Now, Ukraine itself is
maybe
the arguably could be the foremost
producers of war drones because they
sort of had to develop that. Now, a lot
of theirs are, you know, made in
garages, but but they've also developed
a a drone
industry. So, Ukraine can make a lot of
drones. But, of course, if our drones
are better and more
deadly, they're probably going to end up
in Ukraine. And then we're going to see
how well they work against Russian
drones and Russian anti- drones. So, I
feel
like there's some confidence that Russia
can be held at bay with massive drone
technology. That's really
inevitable. Um, so this could be part of
the reason that we can step away is that
we don't think the front line is going
to change that much. And if it did
change that much, the number of drones
would go up by 100 and it would change
back.
So, I think it's the drone testing
ground from now on and that the US will
probably be greatly
advantaged by testing their drones in
actual combat because if you don't test
them in actual combat, you never really
know if you've got a winner drone. You
you got to put it in into the actual
fight. And this is the ideal actual
fight because it's Russia on one side.
So, Ukraine will be a drone testing
environment, I
think. Well, Trump has threatened to put
uh tariffs on, well, actually, Lindsey
Graham is co-sponsoring a bill that
would put tariffs on countries that buy
oil and gas and other minerals from
Russia. And so, what's missing in the
story is what countries are buying oil
and gas from Russia?
So I went to Grock and I asked that
question and the answer is China most of
it or like half of all their sales are
to China. Boy are they beholden to China
but also a lot of their sales of uh oil
and gas and related stuff is to India.
India is the second biggest buyer of
Russian
um energy and then
Turkey. So, you know, already we have a
problem here. Turkey sparted NATO. Um,
and then the European
Union 17 billion of LNG. Brazil, Saudi,
even Saudi Arabia buys some kind of
specialty kind of energy from Russia
that I guess they don't do in Saudi
Arabia. And maybe the UAE and South
Korea and Japan and Taiwan. And I'm
thinking to myself, when you first read
Lindsey Graham saying that, you know,
they're going to put some kind of
tariffs on countries that buy from
Russia, if you're not thinking about
which countries those are, might sound
like a good idea. But we've, you know,
we're not going to put, you know,
additional tariffs on
China. Probably not. Uh, and India is an
ally and you could just go down the
line. How in the world are we going to
tariff the
EU for buying some Russian energy? I
don't know. That doesn't seem
real. Well, after the show, I told you
that Owen Gregorian is going to be
hosting a spaces on X. So, this is the
end of my prepared remarks. I'm going to
talk to the locals people, but only
briefly. So, I'll release them to go go
to the spaces. Um, hope you enjoyed the
show. Hope you learned something about
Trump's negotiating techniques and chaos
equals um
unpredictability. And uh that's it for
today. So, look for Owen
Gregorian's X feed. He's going to do a
spaces and they'll continue the
conversation on these topics and more.
All right, locals. I'm coming at you
privately, but only very briefly.