Here, let's check the stock market. And
surprisingly, Bitcoin is up. The S&P 500
is up. Not a ton, but it's it's
up. Tesla's kind of flat, slightly
down. All right, let's get our comments
going and then we got a show for
you. You're going to love
it. All
[Music]
right. Almost
ready. There we
go. Good morning, everybody, and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams.
You've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains, all you
need for that is a cup of bugger, a
glass of tanker, chalice, a canteen
jugger, flask, a vessel of any kind.
Fill it with your favorite liquid. I
like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine of
the day, the thing that makes everything
better. It's called the simultaneous
sip. That's right. Go.
Oh, thank you, Paul. Everything's
working
today. Good to
know. Well, I wonder if there's any
science that they could have saved some
money by asking me. Oh, here we go.
According to Sai Post, Bianca Sediano is
writing, there was a study published in
the journal of environmental
psychology and they found that simply
imagining natural environments can
reduce your stress and promote
relaxation more so than imagining an
urban setting. Uh-huh. That's right.
Imagining nature can make you feel
better than imagining an urban setting.
Huh. I wonder if there's any way they
could have gotten to that result faster
and with less expense. Anyway, anyway.
Oh, yeah. You could have asked me or you
could have asked anybody who's ever been
trained as a hypnotist because it's
lesson number one.
I think it's literally the first thing
we learned that if you make somebody
close their their eyes and imagine a
nature scene that their body will relax.
That literally I think it's the first
thing you learn. So yeah, you could have
uh just asked me about that next time.
Next time do
that. According to Zero Hedge, the House
has passed a a bill, which means it
hasn't passed the Senate yet, requiring
proof of citizenship to vote. So, it's
called the Safeguard American Voter
Eligibility Act or SAVE and it passed
with a little bit of margin. Yeah, even
four Democrats joined in. Interesting.
So, Chip Roy uh is the sponsor for this
and uh would amend the National Voter
Registration Act also to require states
to obtain proof of
citizenship in person from people
registering to vote. So, you better
bring your ID.
But if it even goes further and it
requires states to establish programs to
remove illegal immigrants from existing
voter roles and allows US citizens to
sue election officials who don't adhere
to the proof of citizenship
requirements. Oh, that's interesting.
So, it allows individuals to do the
suing.
Now, I saw somebody's comment that this
will never fly. Uh even if it gets
passed, the Supreme Court will knock it
down. Some say because the states have
uh I think what was described as an
ironclad control over how voting is
done. But I'm not so sure. I'm no
Supreme Court expert, but I it does seem
to me like the federal government
um in its role of protecting the
country, I mean, just as a national
defense issue, could require that the
only people who vote are American
citizens. So, other than that, I could
see that the states would have most of
the
control, but uh we'll see. Uh I don't
know what I don't know what the uh the
predicted fate of this is, whether it
gets completely passed by the Senate and
then whether it can survive a challenge.
So, but anyway, it's got some Democrats
on it. So, that's not the worst thing.
Um let's see what uh the view host,
Sunonny Hosten, says about this. Well,
uh, she says that requiring voter ID,
um, is bad for many blacks and women who
will not be able to
vote.
Um, I love how crazy she
sounds. Well, when I watch Sunny Hen, I
like looking at her eyes and her face as
she says things that probably every
person knows is the we we're
still looking for that one that one
person who doesn't know how to vote or
doesn't know how to get an ID but still
wants to vote. Now, I do believe there
are people who don't have IDs, but I
don't think they're clamoring to vote.
So, we're still looking for just one,
just one person who says, and you know
what would happen if one person came
forward and said, "I don't know how to
get ID, but I'd really like to vote."
What would happen? Whoever they were
talking to would tell them how to get an
ID and help them
vote. So, as soon as you find anybody
who's in that category, the first person
they talk to solves their problem. It's
like, "Oh, well, uh, just go down to the
DMV." Well, I don't know where the DMV
is. Oh, well, let me check. Okay, here's
the address of the DMV. Uh, just go down
there and get an appointment and get
your
ID. Um, but now the it's extended from
if you require ID, it used to be that it
was a way to suppress black vote, but
now it's extended to uh, divorced
women. Is there a big problem with
divorced women who want to vote but
they've got the wrong name last name on
some of their documents? Is
that Is that a big
problem? Can Can we see one example of
that, please? I think Hillary Clinton
weighed in on that, too. Still waiting
for that one person. Um, I'm going to
delegate this issue to the uh Department
of Imaginary
Concerns because if we can't find one
person in the real world, what would
that make that
issue? Imaginary. That's right. But it
is an imaginary concern to a lot of
citizens. So, we can't ignore it. We
should delegate it to the Department of
Imaginary
Concerns. Let's see what else we got
going on here. Uh over on MSNBC,
uh former Attorney General Eric Holder
um says that what's happening now with
Trump and his administration is quote
remarkably similar to kind of what
happened in Europe in the
30s. Uh and if you don't stand up and
fight now, it's going to be too late.
Um, it seems to me that the
drama, they only wrote one play. I mean,
if you're going to be a drama, you
should have more material than this. But
they only have one play, and it's called
Everything is Hiller. Uh, and everything
I see is Hiller, and all I want to talk
about is Hiller. And by the way, have I
mentioned
Hiller?
Um, now it seems to me that uh if you're
imagining
Hitler, but there is no Hitler and
there's nobody really acting like
Hitler, what would be the department
that that should be delegated to? I've
got an idea. Let's delegate it also to
the Department of Imaginary
Concerns. Let's see what else the
Democrats are up to. Um, Representative
Hakee
Jeff says that Donald Trump and the
extreme MAGA people are doing everything
they can to tank our economy. H, are
they are they doing everything they can
to tank the economy by negotiating trade
deals and lowering regulations and
lowering taxes and Yeah. That's that's
exactly what you do to tank an economy.
Uh, making energy more affordable,
lowering inflation. Yeah, that's how you
do it. Um, and it's going to drive us,
according to Jeffre, drive us toward
recession and gut the health care of the
American
people. So, it's going to gut the health
care of the American people. Now, I
could imagine at least two ways that
that could happen. Gutting the health
care of the American people. One would
be to do nothing and just keep the way
we're going because that would lead us
to a bankrupt country that couldn't pay
for health care or anything else. So the
path we were on guaranteed the end of
health care along with the end of the
country and the end of everything really
your life probably. Um but at the moment
there's no suggestion that the uh that
the Trump administration would do
anything to your health care um
benefits. So what would be the right
department to assign this imaginary
future concern? H oh I've got an idea.
How about the department of imaginary
concerns? Does anybody see a
pattern? the the biggest most effective
attacks from the Democrats all imaginary
everyone. It's not based on anything
that's happening in the real world. Uh
that's their best take. Here's some good
news. Uh activist Robbie Starbucks has
another big win. He got IBM to end their
DE DEI policies. Now, I would read you
the list of all the things that IBM
decided to stop doing. It was a whole
bunch of woke stuff like requiring uh
proper pronouns for people and stuff
like that. But the list was so
long. It just wouldn't work in this kind
of a podcast. So just take it from me.
Uh IBM was just massively
entangled. It it seems like they they
had wrapped this, you know, ball of
string called DEI around everything. and
uh unwrapping it is a pretty major
project. So, it's a whole bunch of
things had to be changed to unawwoke
IBM. But the good news is, and I'm going
to give IBM some credit for this, um,
that when they were confronted with, you
know, the, let's say, the argument and,
uh, the activism and Robbie Starbucks
uh, apparently very effective approach,
they decided to unwind it. And probably
there was a lot of volunteering of what
parts needed to be unwound. So, I'm
going to say uh my my standard for
judging people and my standard for
judging companies in this case is not if
they make a mistake or do something I
don't like or something doesn't work
out, but how do they deal with it? You
know, once you know you've messed up, do
you correct it? Do you ignore it? Do you
say it never happened? Um, this looks
like IBM fully
embracing that it wasn't a good idea and
then fully embracing the steps it would
take to unwind it and being somewhat
transparent about it. So, I'm going to
say uh IBM
A+ that you you've reached my highest
standard of ethical behavior. I would
never judge you that you once made a
mistake that you know I suppose if it
were you know you were a slaver or
something I would still judge you but
under the normal you know behavior of
companies
uh I judge the prior behavior to be
completely irrelevant. I judge the
current approach uh working with
Starbucks to do something productive. Um
A+ A+ good
job. I saw a report. I don't know how
confirmed this is, but uh somebody said
the New York Times had a story that the
White House is considering, they're just
considering
um using uh government money, your tax
dollars, to give $10,000 per year to
every person in
Greenland. Do you think Do you think
that's going to happen? So, somebody
must have calculated how much uh Denmark
is contributing and then figured out how
much could it cost if we were to
essentially outbid Denmark so that the
people of Greenland said, "Oh, I
wouldn't mind $10,000 a year. I wasn't
getting that much from
Denmark." Um, but I don't know if
Denmark is doing more than that. Maybe
they are. But what are there's something
like 60,000 people in all of Greenland.
So 10,000 times
uh 60,000 would be 600 million. So that
would cost us 600 million per year. Is
that something you want to you want to
do to have control of Greenland? I don't
know.
Um, when the story is that they're
considering it, I don't take that too
seriously cuz what the White House
should be doing is considering all the
possibilities. If they just have it on a
list of
possibilities, perfectly acceptable. Um,
it doesn't mean they're going to do it
and it doesn't mean it's the only thing
they're going to do. It doesn't mean
that we're going to do it with nothing
in return. you know, maybe there's some
rare earth minerals we could get return
or something like that. But, uh, I like
the fact that the White House would be
looking expansively at other options.
So, again, good job looking at the
options. Doesn't mean I'm in favor of
it. Um, I' I'd have to see a lot of
details to to know if it makes sense,
but uh I like the I just like the
noodling of it so that it's not, you
know, we've looked at all the options
basically. Meanwhile, Pegas reports a
big success the Panama Canal. So, he was
down there dealing with Panama and I
guess the deal involves
uh Panama hosting more American troops
so that we've got more military presence
there and that our military would be um
essentially a a guardian against China
ever having control over who goes
through or how much it costs for them to
go through. And then I guess Panama
agreed to end their um end their
contribution to the uh Belt and Road
initiative coming out of China. Their
contribution would be you know just
being part of the Belt and Road thing.
So that all looks like a big win. Um and
this would be if if this is a stable and
workable plan and it looks like it it
all looks pretty stable and workable.
Um, then this would be an example of
Trump making a first big
offer and then negotiating for something
in the middle that just makes everybody
happy because I don't think that Panama
loved being the potential of being
dominated by China. I don't think they
loved it.
Um, so and they know they can, you know,
deal with the United States and that our
military is not there to, you know,
conquer them. we're there to make sure
that we have access to the canal. So, if
that's the case, then that would be
another big win for Trump and his style
of negotiating where he goes big and
then he's got room to negotiate.
Um CNN is reporting that the uh the
consumer prices the inflation um it went
down you know a tiny bit in a month over
month but this is actually the first
time we've seen this since co a month
over month over drop month over month
drop so it's very unusual and uh they
say that the reason for it the big
driver because normally you'd expect it
to go up at this time of the year is gas
prices didn't go
up. So, energy
costs allowed
inflation to stay put and slightly
slightly go
down. Um, that's exactly what Trump
promised
us. That's exactly what he promised.
that he would loosen up all of the
energy sources and that when energy goes
down, inflation would be, you know,
impacted in every
domain. Now, I'm not sure that this is
100% because of Trump
changes, but it could be.
Um, yeah, it could be. So, we'll see.
That's good
news. uh Trump in along those same
lines, Trump is reversing uh a bunch of
Biden policies about Alaska and energy.
So this is the center square is
reporting this. Um so he's reinstating a
program to make a whole bunch of acres
up there in the uh Enoir region
available for oil and natural gas. Now I
guess he did that in his first
administration and Biden canceled it.
So, we'll see if uh the oil drilling
companies are willing to take the risk
that it gets cancelled again because I
suppose if you got another Democrat
president,
um things would look dicey. But at the
moment, um it looks like there's going
to be a bunch of changes that making it
easier to uh get energy out of that part
of the world, which could make a big
difference. Speaking of which, um,
according to Newsmax, Lee Barney's
reporting, um, there's a big drop in oil
prices from a year ago. The oil is 28%
lower than it was a year ago. And, uh,
and oil went down another 3% just
recently because of the fears of the uh,
trade
talks. So, oil going down is a pretty
big deal.
Um and so Brent oil is trading around
$64 per
barrel and um somebody somebody who
knows what they're talking about says
that by the end of
2026 by the end of next year we could be
at $55 per
barrel. So the
direction for
inflation looks pretty darn good, you
know. And and by the way, this is uh you
know, this would be a counterbalance to
whatever the tariff problem is. So if
you're going to have a tariff fight with
China, the very best environment you
could do it in is where inflation is
under control and there's a
gigantic probable lowering of energy
costs during the same period they're
negotiating.
So that would certainly take a lot of
sting out of any uh
tariffs. Um I mean it's going to affect
people differently. So the people were
most affected by the tariffs may not get
most of the benefit but at least on a
country level um that would be a pretty
strong negotiating
position. Um here's some some science
that's kind of cool. according to live
science rand Collier is writing that
there's a breakthrough to allow you to
physically manipulate 3D holograms so
that you could you know touch them and
and move them around with your hand. I'm
not sure if you could feel them. Um that
was a little unclear but you could
physically manipulate them. Um, now
apparently it's it's sort of in the
early experimental stage, but they've
created a
demonstration. So if they can do it in a
demonstration, it's probably pretty
real. Uh, assuming the demonstration is
not fake. It could be, but imagine
that. Now, what do you think would be
different if we could manipulate
holograms?
Do you think that people are going to
have a hologram
boyfriend? Because if you add AI to a
physically
manipulative manipulatable
hologram, it's even better than a robot
cuz you could just turn it off and it'll
go
away. But you could have like a a living
room boyfriend that's only in the living
room cuz that's where your 3D hologram
is. And you can make your boy your
boyfriend like, you know, only a few
inches tall in case you wanna, you know,
not be bothered too
much. I don't know.
Um, I still think there's some
possibility that the UFO sightings are
some kind of hologram.
Uh, I'm not going to commit to that, but
I let me broaden that to say one
possibility for the UFOs is that they're
somehow projected from somewhere else
and and they look like physical objects,
but maybe they're something like a
hologram. Uh, why? I don't know, but I
wouldn't rule it
out. According to
uh news reports uh well Trump is saying
this uh Mexico owes Texas uh like 1.3
million acre feet of water and uh he's
going to tariff Mexico if they don't pay
up. So apparently there's some kind of
long-term agreement 1944 treaty that
says that South Texas farmers get
certain amount of water uh that must
flow through te through uh
uh through Tijana area I think. And uh
so at the moment that's being cut off.
I'm not sure why, but uh Trump says if
they don't fix that really fast, he's
going to escalate with tariffs and maybe
even sanctions.
So, we'll
see.
Um, were you wondering if the Chinese
investors would panic before the
American
investors? Well, American investors,
according to today, they're just saying,
"H, our stock market's sold enough and
it's kind of stabilized." Now, that
doesn't mean it'll last to the end of
the day. I'm I'm not predicting anything
and I'm not predicting it won't, you
know, wildly jump around as there's more
negotiating. But if you want to know
what's happening in China, according to
Reuters, uh the government just told the
biggest money traders that they can't
they can't sell too many Chinese stocks
in a day or they'll shut them down.
So, if you're a big investor in China
and you were thinking, hm, this would be
a good time to sell all of my China
stock, you know, while you're a Chinese
company. Uh, China just told you, yeah,
if you do that, we're going to put you
out of
business. So, is China
panicked? Uh, and that's a pretty good
pretty good threat, isn't it? That will
put you out of business. So, it looks
like China can control the selling of
their stock market. Um, I guess you
shouldn't be too surprised by that, but
that would give uh in theory that would
put a bigger risk on the American side
because the Americans don't do that sort
of thing.
Uh and I guess uh US put that 125%
tariff on China and they just
reciprocated with 125% tariff. So we're
going to tariff each
other like crazy.
Um but according to AFP the US dollar
has dropped um kind of
hard uh dropping nearly 2% just uh last
day I guess uh at least against the
euro. So is that a big deal that the US
dollar has gotten
weaker 2%? I don't know. I suppose if it
keeps going it's a big deal.
Um, so anyway, the trade escalation
continues. Um, so we'll see how that
goes. Here, here's a story that's hard
to believe, but looks like it's true.
Um, the New York Post is reporting,
Ronnie Ray is writing about this that
uh, some time ago, I think it was during
the Biden administration, there was a
meeting between China and the US in
which China acknowledged its role in
years of cyber attacks against the
United States as retaliation over its
support for Taiwan.
Now, it's not surprising that it was
happening. It's surprising that the
Chinese said it just
directly, you know, a complete
confession uh right to the Americans in
a private
meeting. Now, that's kind of
mind-blowing, isn't it? That years of
cyber attacks, they're like, "Yeah, we
we've been cyber attacking you for years
over your Taiwan policy." Now the
obviously the implication is that you
can't stop us and that you know we have
this ability to hack you anytime we
want. So that is one scary kind of a
threat and you have to you have to throw
that threat into the tariff negotiations
as well.
Um, and to me, this is just one more one
more evidence that our our relationship
with China is an abusive
relationship. If it were a personal
relationship, you would say, "You need
to get out of that relationship. You
know that you're being abused over and
over, right?" Um, they're just cyber
hacking you and then bragging about it
and they're they've got trade policies
that are bad for you and they don't care
and they're stealing your IP every time
they can get near it. And if you try to
challenge them in court, there's no way
to challenge them. If that were a
personal
relationship, what would all of your
friends
recommend? They'd recommend you get out
of it.
So, we'll see what
happens. Uh, but here's some more risk.
According to the Epic Times, uh,
Yan, let me try to get his name right.
uh
Yan he's uh posting today that the uh
that they talked to an author the Epic
Times did and uh there's an author that
says that um China controls 95% of the
key components necessary for our generic
drugs. So if China were to shut down
export of those chemicals, our health
care system would basically
collapse. We just wouldn't be able to
make
drugs. So that's how dependent we are.
Now it seems to me that that looks more
and more like an abusive relationship.
It's like, well, there's an implied
threat that if you were to leave
me, bad things would happen. Oh, yes.
Bad bad bad things would happen. Your
your healthc care would
collapse and abusive
relationship. And uh that's I guess the
author of the book China RX is where
that came from.
Um, so here's what I think. So using
that same frame,
um, I do believe that we're in an
abusive
relationship. Uh, meaning that not only
are things, you know, unbalanced and
unfair, but like an abusive
relationship, you can't negotiate your
way to a better situation. If if you're
with somebody, let's say you're living
with somebody who's an abuser, have you
ever tried to negotiate with them? How'd
that work out? Doesn't work. There's no
such thing as as a
negotiation with an abuser. They're just
abusers. And China seems very intent on
continuing to be the abuser.
So I think our path with China is very
similar to the path that you would see
in an abusive personal relationship. You
can either put up with it because you
think the risk of not putting up with it
is too great. You know, you might lose
your healthcare, you might get cyber
attacked, they might take Taiwan 10
minutes later. Um all of our costs would
go up. I mean, these are real
serious seriously big problems.
So, what do you do? Stay in the abusive
relationship? Is that how you'd play it
if it were your personal relationship?
Because it's the same thing. If you
leave me, uh, I will hunt you down and
beat you up. Uh, you'll never get a job.
You'll be poor forever. Your children
will
starve. Sound
familiar? So, you can either put up with
that and it might even worsen over time
because why would the abuser fix
anything? because the abuser is happy.
Or you can risk everything to stop it.
You can risk
everything. That's what it's looking
like. So, our two
choices, you know, under a normal
situation, and I'll I'll take you to an
abnormal situation in a moment, but
under a normal situation, you either put
up with it forever and it just gets
worse. And that's what we were doing, or
you you risk everything. You risk
everything to get out of it. Trump is
pushing us to risk everything to get out
of
it. Is he wrong?
What's the thing that the Democrats hate
about
Trump? He's a bully. He's a strong man.
He's a dictator.
Right? But boy, do you need that
now. Cuz if you're in an abusive
relationship with someone
else, who do you call to help you get
out of it? You call somebody who's a
bigger bully. There's no other way
because you're not going to be able to
do it. You need a bigger bully. Trump's
a bigger
bully and we've never seen anybody like
it. Now, is it a good idea to risk
everything? I'm not even going to say
this. I'm just going to say those are
your choices. Suck it up and be abused
for the rest of whatever's left of the
United States, which might not last long
since China seems to have designs on
controlling the world. or you risk
everything. Doesn't mean you lose
everything. Doesn't mean you lose
everything because sometimes you can
scare a bully away, but you have to be
the bigger bully by
far.
So, how what do you do? So, th those are
two choices you don't want, right? And
it's really easy to do the do nothing
choice and
just put up with it and just it gets
worse but then you get used to it. You
just put up with it until your country
is
toast but you hope it's not today.
You're just trying to get through today
or you risk everything to put an end to
it. Now I have a hypothesis that the way
um and this wouldn't be for every single
person but if you don't have if you
don't have a direct trading relationship
with China in which case you would be
you know biased toward your own business
interests which would be fine. Um I
think how you see the situation of this
abusive
relationship is
that you would handle it the same way
you would do it in person.
In other words, if you're the kind of
person who says, "God, I I'm just going
to put up with the abuse," then you're
probably the same person who says, "Why
can't we just, you know, get along with
China?" You know, just sort of do what
we were doing before and keep asking if
they'll do
better. That's probably what you would
do in your personal relationship because
that would be your your level of risk
for that sort of thing. But there are
other people who would say, "You know
what? I've reached the end of my
patience. I'm going to risk everything.
Might he kill me?
Yes. But it's it's better than this
life. It's better than this life. And
there are a lot of you like that. How
many of you have dealt with a
bully the only way you
can? Some of you. How many of you have
been in an abusive relationship and
said, "You know what? I'm gonna walk out
of here with my bare
feet because I'm done. I'm just
done." That's some of
you. So, it's just a hypothesis, but
I'll bet you the way you would deal with
a with an abusive relationship in person
has a lot to do with how you're looking
at this China situation. Uh, I'll bet
there's a pretty good ven diagram
overlap. And so I'm going to offer you a
trap
door, an escape. I'm going to offer you
another option, one that's not on the
table right now. So this is the
hypnotist take.
So, if if I were in charge, uh I would
use my hypnosis background to say, "All
right, if you only have two choices, put
up with the abuse or risk everything to
get away, how could you invent some new
options that just don't seem to
exist?" And I'll give you a couple. One
option would be to negotiate with China
and say, "Here's the deal, China.
We'd like to treat you more like a peer
and treat you with complete
respect. So you have you have a take on
trade that you think whatever you're
doing is fair. We think it's not. Let's
negotiate in
public. Let's put all of your trade
practices in the public domain. Maybe
the UN, maybe some other kind of public
um you know public structure. and we're
going to show what it is that you have
been doing and then we're going to tell
you what we think would be a fair
situation. Will you negotiate with us in
public? What what are they going to say?
They're going to say no. And then you
keep at it. No. Let's do this in public
because China, we don't want to be your
enemy. We want a good trade deal. If you
can't do it in public, that's going to
say a lot. We're gonna we're gonna put
all of our terms in public. Everything
we want, we're going to publicize. We're
going to explain why. And we're going to
tell you what the context is. Will you
do the
same?
And put them in a position where they
simply have to defend their position.
Because right now, if you say China,
China is giving us bad trade deals. Uh,
maybe somebody knows what a tariff is,
maybe they don't. Maybe some people know
how bad the theft of IP property is,
maybe they don't. Maybe people know that
if you went to China and tried to use
their justice system to fix, let's say,
an IP
theft, you wouldn't even get a phone
call returned. There's no process at
all.
Um, and so and if you looked at other
restrictions and other risks and if you
looked at the surveillance that they do
of any American who goes over there, you
can't even bring your phone. I mean,
imagine a country where you can't even
bring your phone or your laptop because
there's a 100% chance they're going to
hack into it. Imagine dealing with a
company that if you u make a product is
successful but you're making it in
China. The very first thing they're
going to do is steal it and they're
going to make that same product um you
know they're going to run the factory
all night to make more of the fake one
than you're paying them to make the real
one. And then they're going to compete
with you and you're going to say, "Hey,
it looks like you just ran my own
factory that I was paying you to make my
stuff. It looks like you just ran it for
extra hours and then put it on Amazon
and you're just competing with me with
my own stuff against me." And you know
what China would say? Take it up with
our courts that don't return your phone
calls ever. Not sometimes. Ever. There's
no path.
So, how many people know
that? How many people know how unsafe it
is to do business in
China? Well, some people know it. Let's
do it in public. Let's put it all in
public. Now, if they if they uh fight
the idea of doing it in public, that
would be kind of embarrassing. And it
would also sort of force us to be the
ones who described their practices in
public without their defense. They
wouldn't have any defense to it. Here's
another
one. So, we could do that, but we could
also do the following. We could tell
China, "China, I think we've been uh
maybe unnecessarily
um disrespectful to you.
Wait for it. Just wait for it. We We've
been a little bit insulting and we've
been a little bit
disrespectful. And I think that we've
been trying to get you to change
um in ways that you don't want to
change. And we're not the boss of you,
China. China is a great nation with a
gray future and a gray history. And
China should be allowed to be China.
So this would be the let China be China
um approach and you say to them we think
you should be China and just be be China
any way you want to be China. Just
continue to be exactly like you are.
However, we'd like to announce that our
long-term uh position is to do a
friendly
friendly,
respectful unwinding of all association
with China. We'd like to unwind all of
our business, but some of it's going to
take years, such as the pharmaceuticals
and the drugs business, and some of it
might happen a little faster. But
there's no offense. We're going to do
this with complete respect. We agree
that your position is one that you can
take. So rather than trying to embarrass
you or bully you or negotiate you into a
compromised position that you don't want
to do, we think that was a big mistake
because it didn't it didn't really
understand the power and the interests
of China. And from now on, we'd like to
let China be China
alone without
us. And if you don't mind, we'll
continue buying things from you where it
makes sense. But we're going to unwind
as much of the business as possible as
quickly as possible in the friendliest
way possible. So we'd like to remain
good um let's say good relations but
without any trade because let's China
let China be China. China is an
aggressive tough um highly respected
country and if you would like to be
China without any without any push back
from the rest of the world we accept
that. So, we accept your terms and we
hope you don't mind if we unwind
completely.
So, two possibilities that are not on
the table. Negotiate in
public or agree to a friendly,
completely
respectful, complete unwinding of
business over
time. So, that's that's how a hypnotist
would approach it. So you'd give them
some options that are were never on the
table. Because if you deal with the
options that are on the table, you're
going to get the same result everybody
ever got, which is, do you want to do a
deal?
No, we don't have to. Uh, but please,
no, but it's bad for us. We know. But
it's so it's super good for you. For you
while being bad for us. Do you
understand that? Yeah, we got it.
You can't live in that
frame. You You have to change the frame.
So if China wants to be China, let's let
China be China. We don't need to change
them. All right, let's get back to
America here. Um I'm loving watching the
the news people explain why they were so
bad at doing their jobs. And the best
example, of course, is the uh the
Biden's uh Biden brain situation where
they pretended they couldn't notice. So
now we've got Chris
Saliza, who used to be on CNN. He's not
anymore, but he was he was what I'd call
a anti-Trump specialist. I used to talk
about him all the time in the first term
in the first election. And uh he said
that the reason that uh he didn't cover
the Biden brain story was it wasn't any
kind of intentional activism
um he said we simply didn't push hard
enough to get around the smoke screen
from the Biden
people. What smokeokesc screen?
you and I and everybody with a
television set could see Biden was
falling apart from I think I think I
started saying it in 2019 and I wasn't
alone. There were plenty of other people
saying
uh what are we seeing there? That that
doesn't look right. And then they
started hiding him. I don't think that
could have been any more obvious. and
they, you know, his schedule was
basically, uh, the schedule is he's not
doing any work today. He's going to go
to the beach again. It could not have
been more obvious to everybody watching.
And you're telling me that the only
people who couldn't
notice were the people who quote didn't
push hard enough to get through the
smoke
screen. the the fact that the the news
is trying to blame the
insiders for protecting them is
unbelievable. I mean, I wonder how much
of this they believe on their own. Like
in their own minds, do they think that's
true or or do they know that it's like a
ridiculous
rationalization? I don't know.
So, uh, Trump had a, uh, cabinet meeting
yesterday and, uh, I saw a summary by
Insurrection Barbie on Acts about, uh,
some of the good news out there and
there was some news, some pretty big
news. So, Brooke Rollins um, talked
about the, uh, the terrible position
that the Biden left the farmers in. Um
she explained that there's been a 30%
increase in input costs and that the
previous administration left them with a
$50 billion trade deficit even though
that that was zero when Biden took
office.
$50 billion deficit when it started at
zero. Uh and so they're working on
overcoming those issues. So basically
the Biden administration with Biden's
broken brain um just let our food
supply just be in tatters by the by the
time he was done and the Trump
administration is working hard to fix
that. Brook Rollins appears to be a
superstar in the administration. So
that's looking good. Then Tulsi Gabbard
had some updates which were all
individually interesting um especially
about things like um
RFK files and the JFK assassination
files. Those are being prepped for
release. I don't know when, but that's
interesting. But the most interesting
part and this is from Tulsi Gabbard. So
this is your government talking. So this
is not podcaster.
This is not some rogue person with an
opinion. This is your government. Your
sitting government says that the
electronic voting machines have been
vulnerable to hackers for a very long
time and uh that they've been vulnerable
to exploitation and manipulation of
election results and uh they're
continuing to investigate.
That's the government saying that that
voting machines were vulnerable and have
been for a very long time. And I think
there was something said about they were
not even designed to modern cyber
security
standards. Now that does not mean that
they've identified any problems with
other elections. So, one of the
questions you can say, but wait, the
voting machine people have sued people
who said that there were problems.
They've sued people who said there were
specific problems, like there was a
specific
manipulation. That's not what Tulsi
Gabbard is saying. Tulsi Gabbard is
saying that by their their nature, by
their design, uh they would have some
vulnerabilities. So,
um it's not about a specific
claim. Uh and uh and she puts it in the
context of working toward Trump's goal
of having a paper ballot, you know, kind
of a same day election because if you
don't if you don't debunk the safety of
voting machines, it's going to be hard
to talk anybody into getting rid of
them. So, to me, that's a big deal. It's
a really big deal. Now, how long have I
been telling you that there's no way to
protect, you know, a cyber device like
that? To me, it just seems obvious. you
you wouldn't have to be some expert in
cyber security to know that these older
machines that have been hacked by
hackers in a in a variety of you know
different
forums. You wouldn't have to know the
specifics if you knew anything about
technology. You would say I don't think
they've invented anything you can't hack
if you had access. A lot of hacking
involves somebody a physical person
being led in to do a physical thing or
an insider who just has access as an
insider. So whenever you've got insiders
or the possibility of physical
access, it just seems like you have a
hackable situation. It wouldn't matter
if you're talking about election
machines or ATMs or any other
machine. RFK Jr. at the same meeting
said that uh he's going to have an
answer on the likely cause of the spike
in autism by
September. Uh he points out that the
autism rate when he was a kid was 1 in
10,000, but now it's 1 in
31. Oh my
god. 1 in
31. I mean, I I've been sort of, you
know, tracking this issue forever.
But one in
31, one in
31, there's clearly
something in the air or the water or the
food or the medicines or something
clearly. Um, but his promise that we'll
know by September, you know, what is the
likely cause of it? I don't know about
that. Don't know about that.
because that would assume that we have
the right kind of data. Do you believe
we have or or that we could have by
September the right kind of
data? I'll tell you my my uh let's say
my I don't want to say common sense but
based on the totality of my experience
working with data because I used to do
that before I did this. Um, I think
there are too many
variables. It might be possible to tease
out the right answer, but by
September, I don't know. It's pretty
aggressive. So, he might he might think
he already knows the answer, and maybe
there's a domain in which there is data
if you just took the time to look at it.
So, I mean, uh, I have a high degree of
trust that RFK Jr. wouldn't say it
unless he meant it and that he really
believed that that we could do that. So
that would be a hell of a thing. Just
imagine
that. Uh honestly, that would be one of
the greatest achievements in American
history if he pulls that off. Do you
think he will? He might. He might pull
that off. By by far it would be the most
useful thing anybody in the Kennedy
family had ever done. Would you agree
with that? That there would be nothing
in the entire Kennedy legacy from, you
know, the Cuban missile crisis, pick
whatever you want. That would be the
most important thing that Annie Kennedy
had ever
done. So, I'm rooting for him. Rooting
hard. He also wants to get soda at the
SNAP program so that poor people can't
use your tax money on soda. He wants to
give fluoride out of the water.
Apparently, there's evidence that it
lowers IQ. And he wants to improve uh
school
lunches. Those all sound pretty good to
me. Pretty
good. So, that's going on.
Um, according to uh just the news,
they've got some uh good article there
on there's some new declassified
material about that Russia collusion
hoax from long ago that Cash Patel just
gave to Congress. Now, I don't know how
much of this is
new and how much of it is sort of
telling us what we already knew, but I
didn't know about this. So apparently uh
Grock was asked to summarize it. So
here's what Grock said about it. One of
the documents uh contains handwritten
notes by former CIA director John
Brennan in July
2016. So carefully note the date, July
2016. And it details a briefing to uh
Obama and senior officials. Right. So
what Brennan knew in
2016, Obama knew because he got briefed
and the senior officials did. So they
all knew this and it suggested that
Hillary Clinton's campaign approved a
plan to tie Trump to Russian
interference in the election, allegedly
to distract from her email
scandal. And the notes outlined the
concerns about Russian knowledge of this
strategy.
and indicate uh discussions within the
intelligence community about its
implications. So in
2016, Brennan, Obama, and their closest
top adviserss knew that Hillary Clinton
was running an OP. And the thing they
were worried about is that Russia would
find out about the
OP. Brain exploding.
Really, the thing they were worried
about is that Russia would find out
about the
OP. They weren't worried about the
OP. They weren't worried about an
insurrection to
remove or to change the
election. Uh, I don't even know what to
say about that. It's exactly what you
thought it was. From the very beginning,
I said to myself, that John Brennan guy,
there's something wrong
there. Does he really think the Russia
collusion thing is real? And the answer
was apparently not. Apparently not.
Um, and I won't get into the rest of it,
but let's say some of the highlights
are, uh, they knew that the Carter Page
thing was they went too far and they
knew this stuff was left out, um, trying
to drag him in there.
Um, see, they knew that uh the case that
they were trying to put together about
General Flynn, they knew early on that
there was no evidence that he had done
anything
whatsoever. None. And yet they talked
about continuing it based on no
evidence.
not a little bit of evidence, but based
on none, they continued to say maybe
they should keep looking, which suggests
that they were just trying to jail him
as opposed to worried about actually any
crime.
Unfreakingbelievable. So, that was
exactly what you thought.
Um, yeah, there were there were notes
from uh some FBI official expressing
concern about the FBI's approach with
Flynn suggesting internal unease about
the investigation's
tactics. Yeah, there was a little unease
about that. There should have
been. In other news, the you remember
the Central Park 5 story? Um, I won't
give you the whole background there, but
you remember that long before Trump was
in politics, he did a he did a
uh he did a what do you call it? A uh
editorial. No, a uh he he bought a page
of the New York Times and said that the
death penalty should be brought back.
Now, he didn't mention the Central Park
5, but the news assumed that that's what
he meant, and they acted like he had uh
essentially blamed them for being guilty
when they were later cleared by the
courts. Now, when I say they were
cleared by the courts, that doesn't mean
that I know that they were guilty or
innocent. I wouldn't know. I wasn't
there. But there but there was not
evidence according to the court to
convict them.
So the lawsuit is about what uh Trump
said during a debate in
2024.
Um and the courts have ruled that the
lawsuit can go forward because Trump
said something about this situation
during the debate that can be
objectively determined to be false.
Now, that doesn't mean that you broke a
law or anything, but it it suggests
there's enough of a enough meat there to
have a
trial. So, here's what Trump said when
uh I guess it was Kamla brought up the
Central Park 5. Uh Trump said during the
debate, quote, "They admitted they said
they they plead guilty." Now, that never
happened. They never plead guilty. Uh,
and I said, 'Well, if they plead guilty,
they badly hurt a person, killed a
person, ultimately the person was not
killed, but was badly injured. Uh, and
he said if and if they plead guilty and
they pled were not guilty. Anyway, so he
was basically just riffing on it and uh
it sounds like he didn't remember the
details.
Um, can you be sued for
defamation if you're just honestly wrong
about the details of a thing that
happened? I think you have to have
intent, don't you? Or or if if it's not
intent, you have to
show some kind of uh some kind of
seriousness about not defaming somebody.
basically some seriousness that you're
trying to be accurate and you're not uh
haphazardly just throwing things
around. I don't think they're going to
be able to
show that anything happened other than
he remembered it
wrong because it didn't sound like it
did it doesn't even sound like his
normal hyperbole. It literally just
sounds like he remembered it wrong.
So, I can't believe that he would lose
that. But
again, lawsuits are endless. The law
affair. Um, according to Sky News, Tom
Clark is writing that the amount of
electricity needed to power the world's
data centers, mostly because of the AI
load, uh, is expected to double in five
years. Do you think we're going to have
twice as much electricity in five years?
Well, probably not.
Uh so what are we going to do? I'm going
to add my prediction to this. I predict
that there will be sufficient
innovations in energy
reduction for AI specifically. In other
words, they'll that the technologists
will find
ways to not need nearly as much energy
for AI and that will be fine. Do you
know the uh law of slowmoving disasters?
It's called the Adams law of slowmoving
disasters because I named it after
myself. It says that if you can see a
disaster and everybody can see it. It's
not like some secret two people see it.
But if we can all see it, if we can all
see the problem
coming, we have a really good record of
dealing with it. Really good 100%. We're
still here. So this would be, you know,
on the border of an existential threat
if we didn't have enough energy to run
AI because even if you said Scott, we'll
just turn off the AI and everything will
be fine. Well, then you lose to China
and somebody else has AI and you know
that's an existential threat. So the
fact that we have at least five years
suggests to me that we'll be fine. How?
I don't know specifically, but I I think
I've told you I don't know maybe 10
different stories recently about some
breakthrough or some potential
breakthrough to lower the energy needed
to do AI. And then Deep Seek apparently
found some workarounds too. So, I think
that if you just straight line how much
energy we'll need, that's misleading
because it's hard to know how many
innovations will be in lowering energy
need. Um, Nagoya
University discovered that they can
instantly cure motion sickness with a
100 hertz sound. Uh, which is well
within, you know, normal hearing levels.
So, it wouldn't hurt you. And apparently
it's been tested. So it's this is after
you already have the uh motion sickness.
All all they do is strap on the
headphones and play this sound and it
just instantly takes away your motion
sickness. Now that's the claim. Uh but
there I get, you know, obviously they do
some more testing, but wouldn't that be
cool? I I don't have motion sickness,
but I've always I've always said uh I'm
so lucky cuz how many times have you
gotten in a car or a vehicle with
somebody who does and you know they're
not happy at all. It's It's pretty
common. A lot of people have motion
sickness. So, even though I don't, this
seems like a big deal to me if they
could fix it with a sound because then
you could just put it on your I don't
know, put it on your phone and put your
headphones in and instantly feel better.
Wow. Uh there's a New York Post says
there's some new footage, but it's from
2023 of another tic tacshaped UFO that's
on military radar.
So, do you think they found another UFO
that looks like a Tik
Tok? Tic Tac? I don't know. I'm going to
say no. Uh, I don't believe the Tic
Tac stuff are UFOs. I don't know what
they are, but I'm going to guess
anything but a UFO or at least anything
but an alien ship. They might be
unidentified, but I don't think there
are any alien ships that look like Tic
Tacs. Uh, I might be wrong. You never
know. Um, the Trump administration is
uh not going to crack down on the
Nvidia's HTTO chip. That's their
advanced chip for AI. And there was some
thought that they would limit
um their ability to sell it to China,
for example. China is a big market for
these chips. But uh apparently Nvidia
was smart enough to develop a crippled
version of the chip. So there's a lesser
powerful one that they've already
developed that they would sell to China
instead of the the best one for America.
So I guess that would be good enough as
long as it's crippled. Uh Trump doesn't
have to block it. And that's good
because that's a gigantic market. All
right, ladies and gentlemen. That's all
I got for you today. Uh I think we've
solved everything from the economy to
inflation to uh how to feel better by
thinking about nature. Uh I may have may
have come close to solving some of your
motion
sickness. All right.
Um very successful day I would say. So,
I'm going to talk to the local
subscribers personally and the rest of
you. I'll see you tomorrow. Same time,
same place. Thanks for joining on
YouTube and Rumble and
X. Come back tomorrow. We'll do it
again.