We'll get
serious. All right. Don't check your
stocks. They're neither up nor down.
They're kind of moving
sideways. Nothing to see
there. Let me get my comments going and
then we'll put on a show. The show you
deserve, even if you don't.
[Music]
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains, all
you need is a cuper mug or a glass of
tank or chalice in a canteen jug or
flask, a vessel of any kind. Fill it
with your favorite liquid. I like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine of
the day. The thing makes everything
better. It's called the simultaneous sip
and it's going to happen right now. Go.
Perfect. That's just what I
needed. Well, in Texas, somebody uh 3D
printed a Starbucks. Um it's one of
those big 3D printers that does concrete
walls and it's just a little drive-thru,
so there's no internal seating, so it's
a small one. Um, but uh how long before
robots can make the coffee? Oh, turns
out that's my next story. Global coffee
report says that uh AI robots will soon
be making your morning coffee.
Maybe. Don't you want that? Wouldn't you
love to tell your robot to make you a
fancy coffee?
You know, the reason most people don't
make a fancy coffee for themselves is
it's just way too much work and time and
pain in the ass and you got to clean up
and all that. But if your robot did all
of that, I'd make my robot make me some
serious coffee. It'd be the best coffee
you ever saw. So, that's coming. My
little uh local mall in my town had a
coffee robot for a while and it looked
like it was more demonstration. It was
before AI. It was a few years ago. Um,
and I remember I tried it once, but I
accidentally ordered the wrong thing.
But once the robot starts making the
thing, you can't really stop
it. So, I had to stand there for what
seemed like 10 minutes while this stupid
robot made me a cup of coffee. That was
the wrong thing. And then I just paid
for it and threw it away. So, it wasn't
a perfect robot coffee making
experience. I think it'll get better
with AI. Um, I don't know if it's still
the case, but early this morning, the
lights and the electricity were off in
Portugal, Spain, and a big part of
France. Now, I don't think they know
exactly why. I assume it's not
cyber some kind of cyber crime because I
don't know who would go after Portugal,
Spain, and parts of France. That'd be a
weird target. But, uh, they're dealing
with that. And it kind of reminds you
how fragile
uh civilization is that there was
probably my guess is there's one piece
of equipment that went bad and it took
three countries out of the end of
civilization. So we'll keep an eye on
that and see see what the hell is going
on with that. That's pretty scary.
Well, the brighter side of news is
reporting that
um the attention economy is turning into
the intention economy, which I had not
been exposed to before. So attention is
all your social media where they're
trying to get your attention because if
they have your attention, you look at
advertising and then they win. But with
AI, they're going to move to an
intention, meaning they're going to
figure out what it is you're likely to
want, maybe before you even know it. And
so, they'll be looking at your
intentions to give you what you want.
You can uh say goodbye to your illusion
of free will because once your AI gets
good enough to know what you want and it
starts giving it to you before you even
knew you wanted it, why would you even
make decisions? Cuz it's going to be
right. You know, every now and then you
might have to correct. It's like, well,
no, I don't have time for that cup of
coffee. You were going to make me a
robot. But uh the intention economy has
way more ramifications than just how
they sell
advertisements. The ramification is that
we come to understand that free will is
an
illusion. It's a big deal, but I know
you're not ready for that
yet. Popular Mechanics has a story that
says that somebody somehow found a
chemical fingerprint on Stone Edge. Do
you believe they found a a fingerprint
on Stone
Edge? I'm not sure I even believe the
first part of the story, but according
to them, uh, if they're right, it means
that the giant stones came from a
different place than they've been
telling us for years. In other words,
the whole stone end story was kind of
BS. That's what they're thinking. But
this reminded me that um if you watch
enough YouTube stories about ancient
civilizations, which I do, um did you
know that all over the world there were
civilizations that could move gigantic
rocks? So there are
pyramids pretty much in uh I don't know
just all over the world. So there you
got them in Asia and Central America and
South America and you've got them in the
Middle East. So apparently there were
all these different civilizations who
could move gigantic
rocks and none of them remember how to
do it. None of
them. So the the only way I can explain
that is that they never knew in the
first place that because nobody drew a
picture of it. You know, even if they
didn't have written language, somebody
would have made a picture, right? and
carved it on a cave wall or something.
But uh no, all these
civilizations were able to move gigantic
rocks somehow without being connected to
each other. Did they individually figure
out how to do it? So individually all
these primitive civilizations figured
out how to move gigantic rocks, but then
our modern civilization doesn't know how
to do it. How is that possible?
The only explanation I can come up with
is that there used to be a some kind of
advanced civilization that didn't
survive. Unless those are the aliens and
they're they're under the ocean hiding
from us maybe. But uh I'm definitely
down for the there must have been a
ancient advanced civilization that
affected all of those different cultures
and somehow helped them move big
rocks but never taught them how. That's
the only thing that makes sense to
me. Well, Trump is causing more trouble.
Gateway pundits reporting that uh um he
mentioned that we should jail the
autopen guy, whoever it was who was
making the autopen sign things for
Biden. Now, that might be a little uh
extreme, but here's what Trump said. He
goes, "Also, why did the autopen give
Schiff a pardon? Biden knew nothing
about it. Who operated the autopen? That
is the biggest question being asked in
DC. Is it? I don't know. They almost
destroyed our country. They should all
be in jail, Trump said on True Social.
Now, how is it even remotely
possible that the autopen did all of the
signing for Biden and we don't know who
was in charge of the autopen? Now, you
might say, "Well, Biden was in charge.
He just said use the autopen." Well,
maybe. But with all these uh tell all
behind the scene books, there's not a
single book, there's not a
whistleblower, there's not a single
witness who knows who operated the
autopen. And it couldn't have been that
many people, right? I would imagine that
there's
exactly probably one person who can
actually make the machine do what it
needs to do and they have to get an
order from somebody. So, there's
probably one person who's just a
tech, but somebody told the tech what to
do. How in the world do we not know that
yet? The only way that makes sense is if
we did know who it was, it would be a
gigantic
scandal. I I can't imagine to be any
other reason because otherwise even the
Democrats would say, "Oh, it's no big
deal. Uh, it was Biden's chief of staff
and the chief of staff only did it when
Biden okayed it. And then I'd say, "Oh,
okay. That's a reasonably good good
explanation." But they don't have any
explanation. So, does that mean multiple
people were getting the autopen guy to
do the autopen thing? Whatever the
answer is here, Trump is definitely on
to something. There's something that's
being hidden. And it's more than the
fact that the auto pen signed a lot of
things for Biden. We really need to know
who was behind that. I wonder if we ever
will. Well, uh the May's account on X uh
has a good uh good report here about um
how the fake news works. So, uh May says
the the mainstream media feeds off its
own dishonest reporting working together
to divide the country and make people
angry. And he says, for example, uh the
New York
Times put out a headline claiming that
Trump was going to end funding for
Narcan. Narcan is the thing that has
saved your life if you have a fentinyl
overdose or opioid
overdose. And but that was never true.
Uh the details were buried in the
article. What was true is that they
wanted to reorganize the group that made
the Narcan available. So, it would still
be available. It would just be housed in
a different
organization. So, rather than correct
that, uh Rachel Maddo on MSNBC tells her
viewers that Trump is taking away Narcan
and then she has uh Jamie Raskin on
later uh to confirm it.
So, they've got fake news and then they
bring on uh another liar, the designated
liar. Jamie Rascin is one of the uh
Democrats I call the designated liars
because the designated liars will do
things that the normal rep normal
Democrats won't, right? So, if you want
to tell a really big lie, you know, one
that's easy to debunk, Rascin will do
it. Um, Schiff will do it. Swallwell
would do it. Um, but most of the normal
Democrats don't want to say something
that's so easily debunked. So, they have
designated liars. I've never seen
anything like it. They're literally the
designated
liars. Anyway, so this is sort of like a
instant wrap-up smear. Uh, do you
remember when Nancy Pelosi was
explaining the wrap-up smear where you
leak to the you leak to a reporter that
somebody did something bad and it might
not be true, but then when the reporter
writes the story, then you say, "Oh,
look, it's in the New York Times, so
don't trust me. It's in the New York
Times." But really, it's only in the New
York Times because you told them to
write the story and they believed it.
That's a wrap-up smear. So, this is an
example of that, but happening in real
time. Do you know the author Malcolm
Gladwell? Um, he he looks like one of
those
uh what do you call it? Uh, dandelions.
You know, when a dandelion goes bad and
it's got that, you know, big crazy white
hair, he kind of looks like a big
dandelion. Anyway, um he he was uh he's
getting a little more political and he's
suggesting that somebody like Oprah
could really help us out in politics.
And the example
uh was that Oprah could ask Elon Musk if
he didn't want to be seen as a Nazi, why
didn't he give a Nazi
salute?
What?
What? Are you kidding? I thought it was
only the dumbest Democrats who believe
that Musk gave a Nazi salute. Let me say
it as as you know clearly as I
can. Anybody who thinks anybody anybody
who thinks that Elon Musk intentionally
got on the stage after winning
everything, you know, the election was
won and everything was good. You
actually believe that he got on the
stage and gave a Nazi
salute? That is the dumbest
thing I've ever heard in my life. You're
you're an idiot if you thought that was
true even for a second. And you know, I
would see interviews on the street where
there'd be some, you know, 20some who
believed that there was a Nazi salute
and I'd say to myself, "Oh, well, you
know, a lowinformation voter just
believe what they're told." But Malcolm
Gladwell is entering the fight like he's
one of the educated, you know,
well-intentioned smart guys. How in the
world could you be that dumb? I
mean, this isn't one you have to
research. You just have to ask yourself,
really? Really? You think that Elon
Musk decided that it'd be a good idea to
give a Nazi salute or or even that you
think that he would want to do that? So
dumb. I mean, that's like seriously
seriously dumb. Like at a level that's
hard to even
understand. So I think the the Musk and
Nazi salute hoax, it's the new fine
people hoax. The fine people hoax was
the same thing. Did you really think
that the sitting
president complimented neo-Nazis in a
public speech? Really? That you thought
there was some chance that happened in
the real world? It didn't. The opposite
happened. But how dumb did you
have to be to believe that the fine
people hoax was ever real? And again,
how dumb do you have to be to
believe that Trump that Mus gave a Nazi
salute or even was, you know, in that
frame of mind that that would even make
sense in any
world. I don't even understand this one.
I mean, that's that's stupidity at a
level
that's almost
mind-boggling. But maybe it's more about
persuasion. I don't know. You know,
maybe they're just hypnotized.
It could be a TDS story more than an
intelligence story. But if if your
intelligence can't let you see past that
illusion, your intelligence is not very
highowered. That is really really
dumb. Um Mike Benz had a good
observation about David Brooks. He was
uh he was on one of the shows and uh
remember how when Trump did anything
that wasn't uh let's say uh perfectly
copacetic, they would say no one's above
the law. And then now we've got these
judges who were helping the illegal
immigrants um get, you know, try to
escape, which would be very illegal. uh
instead of saying no one's above the law
and it makes perfect sense to to arrest
the judges because they broke the law,
now it's turned into well, it might be
illegal, but it's
heroic
really. So if Trump does
it, it it's just a case of no one's
above the law, so it's cut and dried.
Goes to
jail. But if and that would be based on
allegations, not anything he actually
did. Um, but the moment a judge does
something that's deeply illegal, helping
an helping a, you know, an immigrant um,
who's not here legally get
away, that that turns into a heroic
moment. So, good catch, Mike Benz. Well,
remember when Cy Booker did that uh
um filibuster thing where he talked for
many hours and nobody knew what he
nobody knew what his point was and it
was the biggest waste of time, but he
got some attention. Well, now Cy Booker
and uh Hakee Jeff is the Democrat
leader. Uh they've decided to hold an
anti-Trump sitin on the Capitol steps.
Now, that was yesterday. I don't know if
they're still there. I'm not sure how
long a sit in lasts. Um, but Just the
News was reporting this and I was
thinking, what exactly were they trying
to accomplish by sitting on the
steps and and what was that conversation
like? All right. All right. Trump is
winning everywhere. We've got to change
the conversation to the leaders of the
Democrat party are sitting on
steps. At what point did that sound like
a good
idea? Like we could turn things around
if we sit on steps and then people will
come talk to us because we're sitting on
steps. Did I tell you it's going to it's
going to be a long time? We're going to
sit on those steps for a long time.
Yeah. Yeah. We finally got a we got a
strategy. What is wrong with the
Democrats? That's their strategy to go
sit on some steps. You never see
Republicans stooped to anything that
stupid.
Anyway, so here's a summary of what I
see happening in the news and politics.
Um, Trump has given us the following
proposition. He hasn't said it in these
words, but he's very clear about what he
wants. Uh, Trump would say if you asked
him, he said, "We need to make a
long-term structural change to our
economy to survive." a long-term
structural change. Now, some of that
would be Doge, but a lot of that would
be the tariffs, uh, which should lead to
negotiations, we hope. Now, those would
be long-term structural changes. So, if
you have a president who's proposing
that we do long-term structural changes,
what does the media do, the Democrats?
We need to obsess over the first 100
days because a 100 is a big round
number. For the for the last several
days, the Democrats have just been all
over his first 100 days. His first 100
days. Why? Because a 100 is a big round
number. It doesn't make any sense. It's
like sitting on the steps of the
capital. Well, let's talk about the
importance of the number 100. it doesn't
really have any importance, especially
if we're doing a long-term structural
change. Yes, but let's obsess about it
and we'll run some polls. So, the media
research center did a poll and found out
that ABC, NBC, and CBS um had 92%
negative coverage of Trump. 92% negative
coverage of Trump.
So, if they had 92% negative coverage,
what do you suppose they found when they
did a
poll to to find out if Trump's plans are
popular? So, the news told people that
almost everything Trump did was a
mistake. And then they did a poll to ask
the opinion of the public. Where where
do you think the public got their
opinion from? The public didn't do their
own
research. They got their opinion from
the news. And if the news is 92%
negative, which is a pretty good
indication it's just biased and uh not
real news, of course the public's going
to have a low opinion of his first 100
days. Of course they will. And then they
they sell that to us as it all makes
sense. Now, if you didn't know that the
news was 92% negative on Trump, you
would look at the polls and you'd say,
"Whoa, looks like the public has really,
you know, turned on Trump." Nothing like
that happened. And and pollster Mark
Mitchell of Rasmusen Reports, he did a
deeper dive, which I won't get into. you
should look at his account on X, but he
did a little summary of the of the idea
that Trump is less popular and uh he
said, "Okay, here's the most important
takeaway from all of my posts today."
So, he posted on this quite a bit. Trump
approval drop is a
scop. And according to Mitchell, his
policies are popular and will remain
popular. Biden was a failed president
and Trump is polling mostly like
Obama. Now, which of the major uh major
news entities said to you, "Well, it
looks like, you know, Trump's taking a
dip in popularity, but it's not really
that different than
Obama." That's kind of important, right?
Now, would I say that Obama's first 100
days were critical? Not really. Nobody
nobody's first 100 days really matter
too much. Is there is there any
president who's ever been judged, you
know, by history on their first 100
days? Never. They're they're only judged
on the entire body of work. So why in
the world are we obsessing about the one
thing that we know no historian is going
to care about in 10 minutes? Like when
he gets to 120 days, nobody's even gonna
care about the first 100
days. But uh yeah, so Mark Mitchell says
it's a scup. Sounds about right. All
right. You wonder how dumb the Democrats
are. Well, when you watch uh Bernie
Sanders and AOC go out in their
oligarchy
tour. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but
I might be the first person who said to
you when I heard about that, uh that's
going to be a huge fail because most
people don't even know what oligarch
means.
And time goes by and then the Democrats
themselves are saying uh Bernie AOC
people don't know what an oligarch is.
So Senator uh Alisa Slutkin is one of
those people who's criticizing Bernie
and AOC for for talking about
oligarchs. But here's her suggestion for
improving the messaging. Are you ready
for this? She said, "Instead of saying
oligarchs, you should say
kings that Trump wants to be or or his
his cronies want to be
kings." Now, that is so
dumb. So dumb. That has no persuasive
power whatsoever. And then I saw Chuck
Schumer, he tried that out uh on some
interview. He's like, "They want to be
kings." And I just said to myself, how
many kings can you have? Can you have
multiple kings? And if you have multiple
kings in the same country, wouldn't that
be the same as no king at all? Cuz how
can you have multiple
kings? This is so
dumb. It's like there's nobody who knows
even the least bit about
communication or persuasion who who's
guiding these poor Democrats. But oh my
god, kings is an improvement over
oligarch. No, the entire the entire
approach needs to be changed. It's not
that they use the wrong word. You know
what is it that the the Democrats always
say when they make giant mistakes? When
the Democrats make gigantic mistakes
that have lasted a long time, do they
ever say, "Wow, you know, we should just
retool this and stop doing that gigantic
mistake thing." No, they always tell you
it's about how they messaged it. And
that's what's happening again. They're
they're trying to say, "If we'd only
picked the right word, you know, this
could have been a genius move. If we'd
picked the right word." No, there's no
right word. the entire approach is just
 So there's no word that fixes
that. So that's
funny. And then Bernie pushes back. He
goes, "Well, gee," as he he was asked
about in an interview. He said, "We had
36,000 people in LA and 34,000 in
Colorado. We had 30,000 people in
Folsam, California." He goes, "I I think
the American people are not quite as
dumb as Miss Ms. Slottton thinks they
are." To which I say, Bernie, you didn't
even answer the question. The reason
people showed up is because of star
power. It had nothing to do with whether
you were saying oligarch or
king. Do you think there was anybody who
said, "Hey, look, Bernie and AOC are
going to talk." And then their their
mate or their boyfriend or girlfriend
says, "But are they going to talk about
oligarchs or kings?" Because I I know
what a king is. I don't know what an
oligarch is. No, they just said, "Is it
Bernie? Is it AOC?" Oh, they're
celebrities. Okay, I'll go watch because
I don't like
Trump. So, every every part of this is
stupid. Just almost mind-bogglingly
stupid. And it's it's wonderful to
watch. You've probably seen all the uh
the interviews on the street. There's
been a bunch of them where somebody will
go up to one of the Tesla protesters or
Democrats protesting and they'll say,
"Why are you protesting?" And they'll
say stuff like, "Trump is a monster and
Trump is a dictator and Trump is
Hiller." And then then somebody will
follow up and say, "Can you give me an
example in which Trump is a fascist or a
dictator or, you know, can you give me a
policy you don't like?" and they're
always
stumped. They don't have any idea what
they don't like. They actually are on
the streets protesting and they can't
give you any details about what it is
they're protesting against. Now, you
might say, "Well, those are very
entertaining, but I feel like
Republicans could do a lot more with
that." Um, I don't know exactly how.
You'd have to experiment with it a
little bit. But I would love for the
these street interviews and maybe even
other interviews. Uh whenever the press
is talking, you know, let's say the
right leaning press, whenever the right
leaning press is talking to the
Democrats, I'd like to see that they had
a list of maybe 10 questions to see if
the Democrats could answer them. So
here's one of the questions. If tariffs
and trade barriers are so bad, why does
China and every other country insist on
having them?
That's an unanswerable
question because the the real answer
that Democrats can't get near is that
these countries have been taking
advantage of us and we should stop them
from taking advantage of us and so Trump
is using tariffs to negotiate until they
stop taking advantage of us. Now, I had
a uh back and forth with a probably a
Democrat, I can't tell, on X today, and
they don't seem to
understand that if we don't put tariffs
on these other
countries that we will just be the
victim of tariffs like we have been, and
that we're just giving our money away.
They don't seem to understand that
concept. Is that really that hard? But
they don't. Um here's another one. How
do you know that the tariff situation
won't work
out? How do you know? Because they act
like it's already a fact that the
tariffs have destroyed the
country. That's not even close to true.
I don't know how they'll work out
either. But if you're telling me that
you know now how everything works out
with tariffs, well, that's just stupid
because they're they're at the beginning
part of
negotiating and the first part Trump has
gotten everything he wanted, which is
the full attention of the other
countries. They've made it their one of
their top priorities because they have
to. And if you were to judge how it's
going so far, I'd give it an A+.
But there's still a possibility that,
you know, it goes off the rails, we
don't get a deal, you know, we have
shortages and then our, you know, our
businesses have to close. That's
possible, but we don't know that. And
certainly there's enough time to write
the ship and get some deals or get the
framework of some deals before any of
those bad things happen or at least, you
know, the bulk of the bad things. So,
how in the world can you say that the
tariffs have not worked? It's way too
early. It It's just stupid to imagine
that you know how it turns out in 4
months or maybe end a
year. How about this one? The people who
say that Doge was a big mistake. How
would you know that? I mean it could
turn out to be not successful. But how
do you know after the first few weeks
when maybe there was a little uh you
know a little bit of uncertainty about
how things were going? How do you know
they didn't
adjust? How do you know they didn't move
to your beloved scalpel system and make
sure that the normal elected officials
were appointed are the ones who make the
actual cut decisions? How do you know?
How do you know which of their claims
are going to prove out? Some of them
won't, but some of them will. How do you
know if they'll if they're going to save
more money than they've saved already?
because not only have they, you know,
taken a taken a whack at a number of the
uh expenses and corruption, but they've
put in place a system, a system of sort
of permanent doge, which in theory
should prevent some of the worst
excesses from coming back while they
chop away at new things that they find
all the time. How could you possibly
know if Doge work? It's way too
early. Now, if you said I don't know
that it'll work, well, that's
reasonable. If you said there's not uh
confirmed evidence that Doge worked, I'd
say that's true. But to say that, you
know, it didn't work and won't work,
where's that coming from? You don't have
any inside knowledge about what's
happening in any of these, you know,
government
entities. Here's another question for
Democrats. If everything is broken and
wrong and Trump has destroyed the
economy, why is the stock market so
strong and employment looks
good? Th those would be the two things
that would always go bad if the economy
were heading in the toilet. So why
aren't
they? The the stock market's sort of the
same as it was a year ago. No big deal.
And employment looks pretty good.
So, how do you explain
that? So, there should be some kind of
like 10 questions to ask Democrats um to
see how well they understand
anything. Anyway, I think if Democrats
understood the issues, they would they
would have different
opinions. Uh here's another fake news,
but sort of sort of true, but fake. Uh I
guess the Trump administration deported
some parent, I think a mother, uh maybe
more than one who had children and then
the mother decided that she would take
her children who were born in this
country and therefore are citizens that
although she was not a citizen and she
had a deportation order, she would take
her children with her back to uh
Honduras I think in one case and that
causes the Democrats to say you deported
children, which Rubio has to explain.
Uh, no, we deported an illegal alien and
she decided to take her children because
why wouldn't she? Why wouldn't she? Of
course, she's going to take her
children. That's not that's not our
decision. We didn't make the children
leave. We just made the mother leave.
So, there's that. And also we should
mention that's the same way we treat
criminals in the United States. When you
send a parent to
jail, they don't get to take their
kids. But if they could, some of them
would, don't you think? If somebody had
a baby and let's say they're a mother,
uh if they had the option of taking
their baby to jail with them, again,
there was some facility that would allow
that to be safe, they probably would.
But we wouldn't be putting children in
jail. That would be the mother's
decision. Anyway, Scott Bent is agreeing
with uh Trump that China actually is
talking to us about trade, but they're a
little bit shy about what that looks
like or who they're actually talking to.
[Music]
Um but uh there's a significant
disagreement about whether there's any
actual
progress. Um, do you think there's
progress in the conversations with
China? My guess is there might be a few
things where we think, oh, that opened
up a door or something, but I feel like
we're probably pretty far away from any
kind of a deal with China. Partly
because it's such a, you know, big
complicated thing and partly because
it's China. But, uh, apparently we're
having some kind of conversation with
them. It's better than nothing.
According to Axios, Trump is looking to
bail out American farmers if they get
too damaged by the uh tariffs and trade
war because uh you don't want to lose
your farmers. So, I don't know if
there'll be other industries that Trump
will try to save, but that's going to
get really expensive really quickly,
isn't it? If if Trump does some kind of
a major spending thing to save certain
industries so they can keep the trade
war
going, it's going to be really expensive
at the same time that they're looking at
the budget. I don't know how that's
going to work.
Well, Trump has uh according to Zero
Edge, he's floating this idea of
eliminating income taxes for people who
make under $200,000 a year and instead
using the bonanza of tariff income to
make up the
difference. I don't think that's going
to happen. To me, that sounds like total
 So, if I if I could be
honest, I don't think there's the
slightest chance that people under 200
who earn under 200,000 are going to have
no income tax and and we're going to
make up the difference with tariff
income. Now, it might be good persuasion
to make people feel good and, you know,
maybe it helps him politically, but no,
that's not going to happen in and
there's no world in which that happens.
I don't think so. You can mock me if I'm
wrong, but I don't think there's any
chance that
happened. So, according to the Hill, the
the House isn't the House of
Representatives now working on the
budget bill, which is not as easy as you
think because they've got all these
different committees. So there'll be
five House committees and they'll
they'll all go look at every part of the
bill and it's the the big funding bill
that gives that has all all Trump's
priorities in it. And they're going to
try to
uh uh they've been asked to remove $1.5
trillion in
spending. Do you think the House is
going to find $1.5 trillion to remove
from the budget? Again, there's no
chance of that at
all. My my best guess is that they'll
remove nothing and that the budget will
be bigger than it was last time. I don't
think there's any chance of that. How
ridiculous. And I saw that David Saxs
was um talking on the all-in pod about
how he was hoping that the Doge savings
and especially where Doge found there
was some corruption that the when the
house gets down to the nuts and bolts,
they will uh protect all of the Doge
savings and they'll protect the whatever
Doge did to get rid of the corruption.
you know that they'll, you know, get rid
of entities and that sort of thing. To
which I say, uh, we got a problem
here. Congress has a system for adding
corruption. Adding corruption. And that
system is they negotiate with each
other. And one senator will say, well,
you know, if you give me this funding
for my state,
um, I'll vote for you for your funding
for this other thing. So that's a
mechanism or a system for adding
corruption or at least adding spending
that you didn't want which I would call
corruption. What is our system for
getting rid of
corruption? There isn't
one. If we had a system for getting rid
of
corruption, it would already be used.
There's no such thing as a system for
getting rid of corruption. So when David
Sach says um he's worried that the Doge
savings and the the uh corruption
recommendations won't be taken
seriously. That's the only thing that
could happen because there is no system
for removing corruption once it gets to
the house. It's only in the ad
corruption system. It's not in the minus
corruption system.
So, if you had to guess what's going to
happen with the budget
reconciliation, it's going to look like
every other year. They won't be able to
cut anything because it'll always be
somebody who's got some blackmail or,
you know, they're doing some horse
trading or something. They won't be able
to cut anything. Now, when I say
anything, you know, maybe there'll be
some little around the edges minor
thing, but basically the budget's going
to be the same amount it always was.
They're going to run out of time. Thomas
Massie is going to do social media posts
saying he's not going to vote for it
because they had plenty of time to cut
it, but they didn't cut anything
important. And we're just going to kick
the can down the road until we become
bankrupt. That's the plan. because
there's no other plan. There's no other
system in place that could ever cut 1.5
trillion from the budget. We don't have
anything that could do that. The House
can't do that and it's in the House and
Doge is not in the House. So even if
Doge could do it, it's not their domain
now. It's in the House and I guess the
uh Senate was only trying to get rid of
$4
billion. So they So you have to get both
the House and the Senate to agree on the
budget. The House is trying to get rid
of 1.5 trillion and the Senate where
they're even more
corrupt is like well maybe 4 billion
which would be basically a rounding. You
know you could get rid of four billion
just by sneezing on it.
So, if I had to
guess, we will have less than a $5
billion cut and we will be running as
fast as we can into a um into a debt
crisis and nothing useful will happen in
the House. Nothing. There will be no no
decrease in corruption, no decrease in
ridiculous
spending, no
nothing because we have no system that
could bring us to a better place. If you
look at it as a system as opposed to a
goal, the goal is to save 1.5 trillion.
But there's no system to do that. None.
Now, if I'm wrong, somebody tell me what
exactly would be the system that would
do that.
And what and why didn't that system ever
do it before? It's because it doesn't
exist. We don't have a system that could
possibly get us to a better place on the
budget. So that's what to
expect. Um gee, I wonder if there will
be any diversions that happen so that
we're not thinking about how bad
Congress is and and the budget. Oh yeah.
So, the House Subcommittee is going to
hold a hearing on drone sightings after
reports about those new New Jersey
skies. Now, when was the last time you
worried about the drones over New
Jersey? I don't remember worrying about
it for a long time because Trump said,
"Oh, don't worry. It's all, you know,
it's all approved. We don't know exactly
the details, but there's nothing weird
going on there. It's not any foreign
entity. It's not a it's not a UFO." But
suddenly the House Subcommittee needs to
do a deep dive into those
drones. And once again, it's going to be
stories about possible UFOs and UAPs and
and it's going to divert us again. So
exactly at the right time they need a
diversion. Well, there it is. I don't
know if it's intentional, but it seems
weirdly coincidental that the diversion
happens at the same time they need it.
Um, here's another thing that's making
me laugh. The uh the Democrats consider
themselves the resistance. Have you
noticed that? So, a lot of people who
are Democrats, especially the political
ones, consider themselves part of quote
the
resistance. Have we ever had that
before? In the history of US politics,
has anybody ever called themselves the
resistance? Because that
framing is
dangerous because it'd be one thing to
say we're the opposition party and then
I say, "Oh, I get it. You would like
your policies to be, you know, more
persuasive than the other policies." But
as soon as you say you're the
resistance, doesn't that sound like the
French resistance during World War II?
You know, literally battling Hitler,
resistance is a is a military term in my
view. As soon as you say resistance,
everything's on the table, including
violence. But if you just said we're the
party out of power and so we're trying
to get back in power, I'd say, "Oh,
normal."
Um, and apparently their the resistance
is uh coordinating some of the colleges,
the Ivy League colleges that Trump is
going after for being
racists. Um, so some of the leaders of
the most prestigious
colleges, the Ivy Leagues,
etc. They're sort of informally getting
together and calling themselves the
resistance.
Now, unfortunately, it sounds too cool
to be part of the resistance. So, you're
going to get a lot of Democrats who say,
"Oo,
uh, I wouldn't be interested in being
the party out of power, but could I be
part of the resistance because I can't
wait to tell my lover that we'll have
better
sex?" Um, and I completely get that. So,
I remember when I got
cancelled, and some of you were
wondering why I wasn't so unhappy about
it. It's because when I got cancelled,
the bad guys, as I'll call them, they
cast me in the role of the resistance.
So, I didn't plan it, but you know,
every time I see a meme that uses my
face and, you know, has some reference
to why I got cancelled, I think to
myself, wow, I actually became like Chay
Goa. Yeah. At least my
image. So, I'm an image of the
resistance. And it's the resistance
against DEI and CRT and racism against
uh white men, basically.
So, I never really minded getting
cancelled. It was a pain in the ass, but
in terms of how I felt about it, it just
made me feel like I was part of the
resistance. And then I felt that's kind
of cool. It's kind of cool that people
recognize me as, you know, an image of
the
resistance. So, it's a very dangerous
term because people want to be in
it. Now, let's talk about those uh
colleges. Now, of course, what Trump
wants them to do is be less
anti-Semitic and less DEI. And the
colleges are pushing for free
speech. Now, what is the dividing line
between free speech, which would be
somebody saying something bad about
Israel, versus hate speech, where maybe
there's a risk somebody gets hurt.
So, I want to uh and I've been listening
to Gr Glenn Greenwald on this because
he's he's just so good at explaining his
point of view. So, I think Greenwald is
uh I don't want to try to capture his
opinion because I might get it wrong,
but the basic idea is he's real pro-
free of speech and that would include
free speech about Israel. And so when he
sees uh the colleges or or if he sees
the Trump administration trying to
squash just the Israel talk but not
squashing talk about other countries,
then he says reasonably, um why are we
just picking out this one special group
of people? And I have an answer for
that. Um, so I asked Grock to define
hate speech because hate speech is
illegal and free speech is legal and
that's the way it should be. But here's
uh here's hate speech. Uh, Grock says
hate speech is typically defined as
expression that incites violence,
discrimination or hostility against
individuals or groups based on protected
characteristics like race, religion,
gender or sexuality.
Then it says free
speech uh includes a broad range of
expressions
um and it could be offensive but it
wouldn't it wouldn't activate anybody
for any violence. So hate speech is only
restrict restricted if it incites
imminent
lawlessness. That's a Grock definition.
And they say context matters. This is
also Grock. Um a statement might be free
speech in one setting. for example, if
you're just talking privately to a
friend, but it might be considered hate
speech if he did it in public. So, that
makes sense. Um, but let's let's take
one example of something that's happened
with the Democrats and see if you think
this is just
offensive or it's inspiring people to
lawlessness. So, this is Governor
Pritsker, Democrat Governor JB Pritsker.
Um and he said in a speech he was
calling for mass demonstrations and
urging people to quote rise up against
Trump declaring that quote republicans
must not know a moment of
peace. Is that free speech? Or did he
target
Republicans for activities that would
seem
lawless? Because if you don't allow me a
moment of peace, as in I can't walk on
the sidewalk without being
accosted, that's hate speech to me,
isn't it? Now, I would I would also add
that the anti-semitic stuff that's
happening on the
campuses, there's something different
about the anti-Jewish speech versus the
anti-alonian speech. You know, I can say
bad things all day long about the
British, but nobody would even imagine
that that would cause any violence. And
I could say pretty tough things about
the
British. But if I said tough things
about the Jewish population, the next
thing you know, somebody's pushing, next
thing you know, there's violence. So to
imagine the same that free speech about
the Jewish population anywhere is the
same as free speech about every other
group which I think is close to
Greenwald's point of view but I don't
want to I don't want to characterize his
point of view because he does it so much
better.
Um, it seems to me that you can't treat
everybody the
same because the the Jews have a
situation where there's a identifiable
group who wants to wipe them
out, but the British don't have that.
Well, you might argue that they do,
but since there's nobody trying to wipe
out the British except maybe by
population change,
um, it's not going to lead to anything.
There's no way that that becomes
anything um dangerous. But it wouldn't
take much
anti-semitism
before Jewish students don't feel safe
walking to classes.
Likewise, Governor Prrisker, it doesn't
take much speech before you wouldn't
want to wear a um Trump 2028 hat and go
in public. It's already too dangerous.
So if the speech that Democrats are
using against
Republicans make it unsafe to walk down
the street and it they do isn't that
hate speech because it directly leads to
violence and I would say the same about
uh the Jewish students that it doesn't
seem to me that it's just turning into
words like oh I have a preference. It
looks like it pretty directly turns into
something more than words. So,
um, and I would say the same is true of
DEI and
CRT. So, that's the reason I got
cancelled, right? So, I got cancelled
because I consider CRT and DEI to be
hate speech.
The the whole point of CRT and DEI is
that uh white males like me have stolen
stuff from other Americans and uh we
damn well better give it back. That's
dangerous. That gets you killed. So to
me, CRT and DEI and ESG even are a hate
speech because it does activate people
to say, you know what, I could slap this
guy around in public and nobody would
care because we're all mad at them and
they stole all of our stuff and made us
create the country and then stole
everything. That's completely different
from saying the French are rude, right?
If I say the French are rude, nobody's
going to go punch a Frenchman.
completely different. So I would throw
the anti-semitism into the same category
as DEI and the same category as Governor
Prrisker saying that Republicans must
not know a moment of peace. To me, those
are all three hate speech and and uh
worthy of being at least discouraged if
not made outright illegal. I think they
are illegal. But so uh Smirkish on CNN,
I've told you before this Mirkanish is
his own man. And even though he's on
CNN, he uh he's
notably been common
sensical, which seems uh you know,
notable. Um but he was slamming the
Trump Hitler comparison and he was
saying that if you keep comparing Trump
to Hitler and you keep comparing his
followers to Hitler um that it's going
to lead to assassination attempts and he
points out that if you look at
assassination attempts in the past it
was almost always in the context of this
kind of speech. So when a president get
you know ever with whenever there was
ever a attempt on a president there was
always somebody saying that president
was Hitler like
Reagan. Um I I think uh JFK I don't know
the details but probably somebody was
saying that we're all going to die or
something if if Kennedy gets
elected. So good for him.
Um and he quoted uh he this is uh
Smirkish he said anyone with the
slightest understanding of history knows
the comparison is dumb you know
comparing to Hiller um and it's ugly and
it's potentially
dangerous. Now if it's potentially
dangerous and it's speech it's hate
speech that's what it is. So even
Smirkish is agreeing that the Trump is
Musk gave a Nazi salute. This is hate
speech. You should go right to jail. No,
probably not right to jail, but we
should certainly figure out a way to
stop
it.
Um, so the Daily Caller was reporting on
that.
Uh, according to uh a number of people
who looked at CNN's latest ratings,
apparently they're in full collapse. So
the uh Caitlyn Collins show in the
evening and Abby Phillips show uh got
fewer than 500,000 viewers in prime time
and uh they're well below 100,000 for
viewers under
55. Now that sounds bad, doesn't it?
that CNN's ratings continue to plunge
and they're they're down below a lot of
podcasts. Sounds bad, but here's what
you're
forgetting. Their DEI scores are
excellent. Their DEI is
excellent. So, it's not all bad, right?
So, the Wall Street Journal is reporting
that uh Gaza is running out of food and
water and medicine. Um, so of course
there's a move to try to get more food
and food and water into the uh affected
areas, but it's kind of complicated in
ways that I wasn't aware of. So, you
would think that this would be easy,
right? Why don't we feed the people who
are starving?
We have food. It's not for lack of food.
It's for lack of
distribution. So if you have the food
and the people want the food and you
know where the people are, how do you
know solve that?
Well, turns out that if the Israeli
government
um directly distributed the
food, then they would be considered uh
occupiers because that would mean they
control the food for the local
population, which would be an argument
that they're occupiers.
But if international units provide the
food and all Israel does is maybe, you
know, add a little security for the
international people, then uh it looks
like somebody else is feeding them. So
it's not, you know, it's not under the
total control of Israel, even though it
sort of is.
So there's a there's a problem there
because it's the the Israelis don't want
Hamas to get fed and they don't want it
to go on
forever, but they don't want to be the
ones who are bringing the food in.
So, they're talking about a pilot plan
in which there'd be a um private
American companies would be involved in
the aid and they would have a
humanitarian zone so that uh anybody who
wanted more food and water could leave
wherever they are and go to the safe
zone where there's food and water. Now,
I don't know if they have to stay there
or they can just get it and take it back
with them. That's a little unclear, but
this is the idea that it always had to
be. We always had to get to the point
where
obviously, you know, the the long-term
plan is to depopulate Gaza, obviously.
And the best way to do it and again best
does not include any moral or ethical
dimensions just what works and what
doesn't work is to say if you want food
and water you got to leave and you got
to go over here and then from here we
might ship you to another country. So I
think what you're seeing is something
that's suggesting the endgame. And the
endgame is the only way you're going to
survive is if you get out of Gaza and uh
and we filter you so so there's not too
many Hamas people sneaking out. So I
think that's where it's going to end up.
Some kind of a safe zone where you got
to leave to get the food. And and again
I'm not judging it uh in terms of moral
or ethical or anything else. I'm just
describing it. It just seems likely
that's where it's
going.
Um, apparently, uh,
Putin has suggested a a
ceasefire, a ceasefire,
um, in Ukraine.
Now, this came soon after
um a Ukrainian commander, there's a
video of a Ukrainian military commander
saying that if Silinski gave up Crimea
and all that uh other land uh in a peace
deal, um that he will quote regret any
negotiations or territorial concessions.
Now, when a military guy who has been on
the front lines says that the leader
will regret, what does that sound like
to you? Hate speech. He's going to kill
him. So, remember I said it's impossible
to understand what Zinski is up to.
Like, he's not acting like somebody who
wants peace. So, why would he act that
way? Because he's not going to win the
war. And my speculation was that he
didn't have a way to survive the peace.
And that's getting more and more clear
because apparently there are enough
Ukrainians who would say, "If you give
away our land after all this fighting,
you know, all this blood we spilled, if
you just give it away, we're going to
kill you." They don't have to say the
actual words, but it looks pretty
obvious they would not survive the
peace. And so um not surviving the peace
uh makes Putin say, "Hey, how about a
how about a
ceasefire?" So Putin is so good at this
uh the persuasion part that once he
realizes that Zalinski can't do
anything, he can't move toward peace,
then Putin can because it won't happen.
So he'll say, "How how about a
ceasefire?
And then Zilinski will say
uh uh uh is it going to lead to a deal?
Yes. It'll be the first step toward uh
we keep Crimea and all the places that
we occupied. And then Zilinski is going
to have to say forget your ceasefire and
fire some
drones. So, and then it's going to look
like maybe Putin's the one who wants
peace and Zilinski doesn't.
probably neither of them want peace. Um
I think Putin may be just waiting for
the US to get uninvolved and then he can
have his way with the country. He's
getting pretty close to
it. Um now I'd like to make one
comment. Uh I believe that I had the
best take on
Zalinski that he couldn't survive the
peace and that's the only way to explain
what we were seeing. And
yet, to Douglas Murray's um point, I've
never been to
Ukraine. So, I guess I got lucky in that
one. All right. Well, Data Republican
and the New York Post are reporting that
uh Hunter Biden was using USA ID money
uh for Barisma back in those days when
he was on the board. So in 2014 he um
one of the Burisma guys was personally
thanking Hunter. We've got his emails
now for their support and getting the
USA ID to fund some giant project for
Berisma. So and then there's some
indication that Hunter had some uh
influence on the USA ID. So it's exactly
what you thought. the the top Democrats
had influence over USA aid and they
could open it like a piggy bank and make
a sprinkle of money in their direction.
And so that's what Hunter was doing. He
was just taking money and giving it to
the people who were paying him. So
that's exactly what you thought it
was. All right, ladies and gentlemen,
that's all I have for you this morning.
I'm going to say hi to the uh locals
people privately, but uh hope I didn't
bum you
out. Maybe I did. I don't know. Um the
rest of you I'll see tomorrow, same
time, same place. If you're on YouTube
or Rumble or X, see you later. And if
you're on locals, I'll see you in
privately in 30 seconds.