Let's check on the stocks. Well, the S&P
is slightly up, but Bitcoin's down and
Tesla's down and Nvidia's down.
Yow, that's not
good. But better than everything being
down. All right, let me get my comments
going and then we got a show. The best
show you've ever
seen according to me.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
her tiny shiny human brains, all you
need is a cup of mug or a glass of
tanker chelstein, a canteen, jug or
flask, a vessel of any kind. Fill it
with your favorite liquid. I'd like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the dopamine
hit of the day. The thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. And it happens now.
Go.
Oh, that's some good
stuff. Well, good news everybody. Drones
are back in the news. And I'm not
talking about your hobbyest drone. I'm
talking about your possibly alien drones
or possibly an advanced civilization
that's always lived beneath the sea or
possibly a a foreign power that has
technology that we can't even understand
maybe. So according to the Hill, there
was some interviews with 60 Minutes
earlier this month and key military
assets were were um let's say visited by
drones that could not be explained. They
had lights and they are
enigmatic craft. Uh they're unknown
origin and some people say the Daily
Mail says they're coming from the ocean
maybe, but they don't have any video of
that. And some people say there's a
gigantic underwater
uh like mother ship where all the drones
are coming out. And sometimes they're
buzzing around our our military
facilities. And sometimes they're
buzzing around our military ships
hundreds of miles out. So they can't be
hobbyist stuff. And they're immune to
jamming. They can't be jammed. And they
don't make any noise when they fly over.
I have
a potential
hypothesis. Well, kind of a
hypothesis. Is it
possible to create a
hologram without uh people seeing where
the sources of the light is for the
hologram? Could you create a pretend UFO
that looked like really just some light
in the sky, an orb, and then make it
look like it was, you know, defying the
rules of physics because it's just a
hologram, so it doesn't have any, you
know, gravity. And could you make your
adversaries think that there were dozens
of advanced aliens flying over your
facility so they would attack the wrong
thing? I don't know, but I just want to
throw it in the mix. It could be aliens.
It could be um some country that's
better at technology than we are, but a
silent giant
craft and they always have
lights. Why would they have lights if
they're doing if they're doing nefarious
things and the only way they can be
detected is by the
lights? Why would they have lights?
Seems like that would be the most
optional thing you could put on a drone.
How about we just turn off the
lights? Well, so I'm not buying anything
about the uh drones. I think it's far
more likely to be mass hysteria, people
lying, people imagining, people
dreaming. I don't know. I'm I'm just not
a believer that there's any kind of
advanced alien drone situation going on.
Well, according to Zero Hedge, not only
are your eggs half as expensive as they
used to be, thanks to the Trump
administration finding new sources of
eggs in Turkey and some other places.
And now orange juice is going down in
cost. Your breakfast has never been
cheaper
lately. Lately. So, uh, yeah, get your
orange juice and your eggs. That's
exactly what I'm going to have for No,
I'm not going to have orange
juice. Well, there's another fake hate
crime. Now, some of you get annoyed at
the fake hate crimes where somebody
makes an accusation. In this case, a
Pennsylvania city worker uh has been
accused of staging her own hate crime
hoax by putting a uh noose on her own
desk and then claiming it was somebody
else.
Um, but every time I see that the supply
of racism is so low that you have to
make some up just to get a story in the
news. So the entire country apparently
nobody was doing anything like
that cuz the only story is about the one
person who faked it. Now, that's pretty
good. If you think of all the, you know,
the history of racism and all the bad
things that people have done in in every
direction, it's pretty good that you
have to fake one to get even a national
story. So, New York Post had that
story. Well, Hunter Biden's ex business
partner
um apparently met with Trump at the NCAA
wrestling event and was promised that he
would get a pardon.
Now, does that mean that maybe Devin
Archer
um is going to spill the real goods?
Because he said something that I hadn't
heard before. He said that Joe Biden
would close deals by phone. And he had a
little thing that he used to say, which
is uh if you do something for me, you're
my friend, but if you do something for
my son, you're my friend forever.
Now, that is such mafia talk. If you do
something for me, you're my friend. But
if you do something for my son, you're
my friend
forever. Do you think that the Trump
administration is maybe secretly doing
an investigation into the Biden crime
family? because I'd be surprised if
they're not, you know, given what Deon
Archer knows and what we know about
everything else. I I'm not I'm not uh
real enthusiastic about lawfaring the
last president because it feels like
everybody could do that. They always
find something. Um but on the other
hand, oh my
goodness, was the uh the Biden crime
family corrupt? Oh my
goodness. All right. You you want me to
talk about the uh the big story about
the signal app and the messages that
were going along in a group chat. You've
already heard the story.
There's a group chat uh in which the
important people in our government from
Pete Hagsath to JD Vance, Mike Waltz, I
think Rubio was on there and some
others, they were uh chatting about uh
an attack on the
hoodies and somehow we don't know the
details
um a journalist Jeffrey Goldberg was
added to the signal group.
Now, if you heard this, if somebody said
to you they accidentally added Jeffrey
Goldberg, what would be your first
impression? Because if you follow the
news at all, you would know that Jeffrey
Goldberg is famous as being one of the
designated
liars. He is the least credible person
in the entire in the entire business.
There's probably nobody who's more
famous for hoaxing as opposed to, you
know, telling the truth. So, if you
want, you can go Google, you know,
Jeffrey Goldberg and what hoaxes he's
backed, but they're the big ones. You
know, he writes for The Atlantic, which
is barely a publication. It's really
just narratives that are bad for
Republicans.
So, what are the odds of all the people
in the world, of all the people in the
world, he would be the number one worst
one that you could accidentally expose
to your
conversations. And yet, it looks like it
happened.
So there's a big question about whether
there were war plans discussed or
whether the there were things that were
kind of close to or adjacent to war
plans but you know very short of a war
plan. I think the war plan was should we
bomb these
hoodies? Yeah, I think we should bomb
the hoodies. Should we do it like right
away or
wait? We'll talk about that.
So, is that a war
plan? Kind of, but it's not a war plan
like most people would think of it, you
know, with detailed assets and stuff
like that. Uh, although there I think
there were some assets mentioned, but uh
here's what uh here's what my first
impression was. My first impression that
I posted on Axe was that it might be
true because anything's possible but it
doesn't look real. So my first take was
this is not real. As far as I know and
this is my working assumption at the
moment it is real. So, so my current
belief is that it is real and that's
based on the fact that there's no strong
um no strong
denial. There's a weak confirmation from
somebody who I never heard of who's a
spokesperson for something in the
government who said it appears to be
real. Appears to
be that they sent the spokesperson out
without knowing if it were real. All
you'd have to do is ask any one of the
people who are on it, were you really
talking about this, yes or
no? So that was weird. And then and then
I was looking at one of the screenshots
of what allegedly they were talking
about. And of course, we don't see the
whole conversation. Jeffrey Goldberg
wants you to know that, oh, the stuff
he's not showing us is the bad
stuff. Oh, isn't that convenient? the
the most famous hoaxer and liar in the
media landscape says the stuff that he
can't show us. That's the real bad
stuff. Trust him. Now, every part of
this sounds sketchy, doesn't it? But
I'll tell you another I'm going to tell
you what tells there were for it being
fake, which apparently didn't
work. Because the tells for fake news
are not guarantees. They're more
statistical things. So, the first thing
I noticed was one of them used a
semicolon. When was the last time you
used a semicolon in a text message?
Whether it's WhatsApp or regular
messaging or
Signal? How many of you use a
semicolon? Now, I know how to use the
semicolon because I'm a professional
writer. So, it's one of those things you
have to know. But if you ask me when was
the last time I put a semicolon in a
text message, I would
say maybe maybe
never. Maybe 10 years
ago, but I don't remember it. So, as
soon as I saw that semicolon, I said to
myself, I don't know. I don't know about
that semicolon. But then I remembered
that a lot of the people on there are
Ivy Leaguers. So Heath is Harvard, JD
Vans is Harvard. Then I said to myself,
all right, all right, maybe you know
your Harvard guys, they might they might
toss in a little semicolon in there.
That's
possible. But uh let me tell you the the
rule that should have indicated this was
fake. It's the Scott Alexander rule. And
I've described this before, but this is
a perfect application. The Scott
Alexander rule is that when you hear a
story and your first reaction is, "Oh my
god, I can't believe
it." You've heard me say this before,
right? Your first reaction is, "I can't
believe that
happened. There's a 20 to1 chance it
didn't happen." 20 to1. Now, it looks
like this is the one, you know, this is
the one where, you know, 20 to one, but
the one is going to happen now and then.
So, it looks like this is real. Uh, but
it violated the Scott Alexander rule
that when you hear something that's just
too fantastical to believe. Now, the
fantastical part is not that they were
using the signal. We'll talk about that.
The fantastical part is that of all the
people in the world, of all the people
in the whole world, it was Jeffrey
Goldberg who got included in it by
accident. Now, I can say from my own use
of apps that doing something dumb like
including the wrong person, not that
unusual. That that part is not
fantastical. you know, accidentally
adding a wrong
person. Pretty normal, especially if
you're
busy. Um, but here's the uh here's the
surprising part. How many of you were
surprised that people this
sophisticated, you know, JD Vance and
Hath, etc., that the people who really
know security, they know what exactly is
confidential and what isn't. How how
surprised are you that they would be
using a commercial app and that they
would think that would be okay.
Surprising. Here's what the news is not
telling you. There's something important
they're leaving out. What was the
alternative? How many of you assumed
because the news didn't say one way or
the other. How many of you assumed that
the government has a secure way of
communicating so that they had an
alternative?
There's nothing like
that. Do you remember the story of uh
Hillary's
email? And do you remember her excuse
for why she had her own email? Now, we
think maybe she was doing some things
that she didn't want the rest of the
government to see. Um, so she may have
had more than one reason, but the base
reason for why they wanted their own
email is that the government email was
so bad that it didn't even work.
That's real. Now, we've been watching
Doge go into one department after
another and finding out that the systems
are are like from the 60s. They're just
completely unusable. So, let me ask you
this. What do you think is this alleged
secure system for the government? What
do you think that is? Is it um
specific hardlined or hardwired phones
that are in some rooms but not other
ones? Is it something they can do on
their cell phone if they had the right
setup on their cell phone? I doubt it. I
don't think I don't think there's such a
thing as a secure cell phone
conversation. So, uh what about the uh
the group chat? Do you think that the
government has a highly secure group
chat
function?
No. No. So, the reason they were using
Signal and the reason it was already
preloaded on their phones because these
are government phones, it was already
preloaded on the phone. There's only one
reason because the government systems
don't work. The only way that you can
have a secure conversation is to be in
the same room and go up to somebody's
ear and say, "I've got a secret." Uh,
don't don't say anything. I'll just
whisper in your ear. That's the
government secure system. Now, I do
believe if the president of the United
States makes wants to make one phone
call to one person or maybe a few and
they also have access to these secure
communications, that probably works. a
phone call. But how much work can a
dozen people get done on a phone call?
Especially when they're all busy and
they're running from one place to
another and they're doing this or that.
They needed a chat. They needed a group
chat. Does the government provide a
group chat that's that is secure? No.
No. So what were they supposed to do? So
they so they had this thing, this hoodie
attack, and they wanted to be extra
extra sure they were on the same page.
What were they going to do? Do you think
they were all going to go back to
Washington, go into special little
rooms, stop what they were doing, and
wait for their special secured phone
call, and then they would talk it out?
Or do you think that in the normal
course of business
um the the let's say asynchronous
um chat is the best way to go because
what I imagine is that these people are
working all the time. You know, there's
no such thing as private time if you're
at that level of government. I I can
imagine, you know, this is just my
imagination that it might have been off
hours. It could have been you're having
dinner with the kids, the messages are
coming in. You're like, "Okay, here's my
input." Uh, somebody else is commuting
and they're they're on some kind of a
vehicle and they're like, "Okay, this is
that." Somebody else is in a meeting and
they can't answer for half an hour, but
then they get back on, they go, "All
right, all right. What was the
alternative exactly?" There was no
alternative. And uh when I when I mocked
the uh government systems on X today,
you know, I mentioned that one of the
things that Doge has teed has taught us
that the government systems are
completely useless. They're just barely
barely working. Certainly not up to any
kind of modern communication standard um
with or without security.
And by the way, how do you know that the
most secure part of our communication
systems are actually
secure? It would be the one thing that
the bad guys would try hardest to
penetrate. You think they never have? Do
you think they couldn't bribe somebody
who could? Can't bribe an
insider. I don't think there's any such
thing as a completely secure anything
except maybe standing in a in a skiff.
So, the Scott Alexander rule uh fooled
me on this one. Um, and then PXF was a
asked about it and he did the worst job
of lying I've ever seen uh trying to
change the subject. And boy, did he look
like he was about to get
fired. I wouldn't be
surprised if something bad happened to
some of them, but I think Trump would
like to keep his team together. So, um,
probably they're going to be okay. Um,
but then the real question the news is
going to be talking about today is, is
it war plans or was it just talking? And
then Jeffrey Goldberg will say, "Oh,
I've seen it. Nobody else can see it
because it's bad enough that I saw it.
So, I'm going to save the country by not
showing you. I'll just tell you it's the
worst thing that could have ever
happened. It's war plans."
So, all right. So, what I'm adding to
the conversation is um that you can't
tell every time when something hits all
the the markers for being fake. Doesn't
mean it is. Every now and then one of
those will be real. 20 to one, but every
once in a while. And uh the other thing
you need to know is that the government
systems couldn't possibly have done what
Signal did for them, which is quickly
make sure they're on the same page.
There was no other way to do that. And
it looked like it might have been
important to make sure they were on the
same page. So I don't think the uh the
news will ever cover the fact that there
wasn't an alternative. There was no
technological alternative. Not really. I
mean, without driving to the same
building for every time they wanted to
talk about something. And there's a
reason it was preloaded on the phones. I
mean, just think about this. It was
preloaded on the government phone.
Obviously, everybody in that level of
government must have been aware, both
administrations, and really all the
administrations at least through
Clinton, that the government systems
just don't work.
So, you're you're sort of on your own to
get anything
done. Anyway, uh and then Trump avoided
the question by acting like he's just
heard it. Obviously, he'd heard it. Um
so, and and then
uh anyway, so so there's something
sketchy about the
story, but the basic idea looks like
it's
true. All right.
Uh, apparently the uh, Natalie Winters
has a scoop here. The wife of the former
US attorney Matthew
Graves. Isn't that the worst name for an
attorney? Graves, uh, who led the
prosecution of 1500 January 6ers. His
wife is on the board of
Indivisible, which allegedly is a
Sorosbacked group that is behind the uh
the uh Tesla protests.
So,
unbelievably, the guy who prosecuted the
January 6ers by pretending that they
were there for an insurrection instead
of the reality, which is they they were
there to stop one or what they thought
they were doing was stopping one. His
wife is literally a domestic terrorist.
Now, I'm using some hyperbole, but I
think it's a fair characterization
because if you're on a
Sorosbacked group that's backing the
Tesla
um the Tesla actions, that is
terrorism. Now, did you know, and I
didn't know this till I asked AI, did
you know that if somebody is doing
something that is um meant to destroy
the economic assets of a country, that's
terrorism. It doesn't mean violence just
to people. Terrorism can include
violence to economic assets. That's what
this is. the the anti-Tesla stuff has
nothing to do with
um anything except violence against
assets, economic assets, in this case
Musk's. So yes, if if you're a organizer
of the
anti-Tesla
stuff and you know that Tesla had
nothing to do with anything that's Doge
related, it's just a separate company
employing 80,000 Americans and you
decided to take it down for political
reasons. You're a terrorist to me. I
mean that that feels like a totally fair
description.
Anyway, so uh we know that our attorneys
and the Department of Justice uh
certainly has been corrupt for a long
time. The January six thing is one of
the most corrupt things I've ever seen
in my life. Um just so extremely
corrupt. And by the way, if you ever get
into a conversation with somebody who
thinks January 6 was an
insurrection, what you need to do is
say, you know, where we differ is the
starting
assumption. The starting
assumption, my starting assumption is
the correct
one. Don't say that part. My starting
assumption is that the vast majority of
people were there to stop an
insurrection and their intentions are
everything that matters because if they
were there to stop an insurrection then
we would still want to jail the people
who got violent probably and we could
agree on that. But the people who
weren't
violent were there to stop an
insurrection. But the prosecutions were
based on the assumption which they've
never tested. They've never pulled the
people. They've never asked. The news
has never had one on. Have you ever seen
anyone anyone in the news put somebody
on and say, "What was your
intention? Was your intention to install
Trump despite knowing that the election
was fair and that he lost?" I don't
think you'll find anybody to say that.
And it's the most basic assumption of
all the January 6 prosecutions. And
nobody has ever
asked the question, "Why were you there?
What did you think you were doing?" And
that that just blows my mind because
everything everything that the bad guys
say about January 6, they start with the
wrong assumption that they were there as
an insurrection and then they reason
from
there. Don't let them get away with
that. That is an
unsupported and easily
debunked assumption. All you'd have to
do is ask any one of the nonviolent
people who were there what why were you
there? Anyone. Thousands of them. You
could ask any one of them and they would
have the same answer. Any one of them.
Nobody
did. Nobody did. It's just like the uh
fine people hoax. Remember, I always
say, "Well, did anybody ask to see if
there was anybody in the crowd who
didn't like the racists, but they were
there because they wanted to support the
uh the statues?" I'm the only person in
the world that I know of who asked that
question. That's the most important
question. Were there any ordinary people
who were not racist, who were there for
their own reasons? And the answer is
yes. I talked to a few of them.
Absolutely there were. So when you see
this gigantic assumptions being ignored
by the news, it's not
news, it's
narrative. Anyway,
uh the uh US Treasury
um advisor claims that 23 and me,
according to James O'Keefe, he's got an
undercover footage of this Treasury
policy adviser. He says that 23 andme
was sharing your DNA data with uh far
big pharma uh including in other
countries like Russia and maybe
China. So so your DNA data was being
sold to adversaries.
Now what the story doesn't include and
this is the big question um did it
include identifying data as in you know
this is the specific person and there's
specific data or was it just the data so
that you could see that there's this
kind of person and this kind of person.
Now, neither of them are a good answer,
but if they didn't include your your
name or identifier somehow, it's not as
bad. It's pretty bad, but it's not as
bad as if they knew who exactly who you
were. So, you might want to go into that
app and delete all of your data while
it's still up because the company's
going out of business.
Well, Ezra Klene, uh, co-author of that
abundance book, was on the Daily Show
and he was advising, uh, Democrats what
they need. He says, "What you need is
you got to get some short-term wins so
that people can see that you're, you
know, doing things and you're capable."
And he gave some examples of long-term
projects that didn't work out. So, he
here are the examples. And this is this
is from a Democrat, right? You talked
about how, you know, California had a
bunch of money for high-speed rail, but
nothing got built. And then, uh, Biden
had this big, uh, expensive budget for,
um, building all these charging stations
for electric vehicles and almost none of
them got built. And then there was the
broadband internet for rural communities
and nothing got nothing got built. So,
those are those are Ezra Klein's
examples of long-term projects that
don't impress anybody because they're
long-term. I feel like he missed the
main the main point there. It wasn't
that they were
long-term, it's that they must have been
either vast
incompetence or some kind of corruption
or probably both. And whether that was
long-term or short-term, the problem is
not the long-term short-term. The
problem is massive incompetence. So he
says, you know, do some short-term
things that'll get results. And I'm
thinking to myself, you know who's
really good at that? Trump. He's got
some long-term things such as the
tariffs, you know, that they could pay
off, you know, at some point.
And uh but he's also got some short-term
stuff like all of his executive orders
and the border. Border he took care of
and almost, you know, no time flat. So
Trump is really good at doing both the
short-term stuff, so you can see that
he's a man of action, but also having
some long-term stuff brewing, uh such
as, you know, boosting the energy
production in this country, etc., which
just might take a while to get online.
So, he does both and he does them great.
Do you know what the difference
is? It's not that he knows you should do
some short-term stuff. It's that he's
capable. He's
competent. So, this is entirely a
question of competence. It's not about
long-term short-term.
If you think that if you think that the
Democrats had never come up with the
idea of doing something that would give
you a quick win, that's probably the
most obvious thing that anybody thinks
about. If I put you in that job, you
wouldn't ever think of the idea of doing
something that in the short term would
produce a good result. Of course you
would. This is the most
useless most useless advice I've ever
seen. Yeah. No. We'll we'll never think
think of that idea of doing some
short-term things that are really
good. Charlie Kirk is uh reminding us
that uh apparently there's such a uh
population move from blue states to red
states because the blue states are
failing that it's going to change the uh
2030 congressional reortionment. In
other words, California will lose
population and will lose representatives
because that's how it works. And so
California might lose four, Minnesota
might lose one, Wisconsin one, Illinois
one, New York might lose two,
Pennsylvania might lose one. Um, and
then
there Yeah. So, etc. And then, uh, some
of the red states would be looking to
gain a lot like Texas four, Florida,
etc.
Now, the as Charlie Kirk um totals it
up, he says some estimate that blue
states could lose as many as 12
congressional
seats. That'd be kind of a big deal by
2030, wouldn't
it? And this is a good time to check in
on one of my wildest predictions. Now,
you know, I like to make wild
predictions that are just completely
against the grain and then I wait and
eventually my wild prediction in some
cases become mainstream. For example, in
2015, the thing that kind of put me on
the map was saying, "Wait a minute. This
Trump guy, he's not like other people,
and his persuasion game is so strong,
that it's going to change everything and
he's going to win." Now, at the moment,
the most common belief about Trump, even
by his enemies, is, "Okay, he's really
good at this politics stuff. He's really
persuasive." Uh, I heard some show the
other day where the Democrats were
saying, "Okay, we're going to we do
accept that he's incredible." They
called him a political
athlete.
Yeah. Yeah. I saw it in 2015 and I could
see it clear as day. He He's an athlete
like you've never seen before. So, they
couldn't see what was coming because
they didn't see that. But now it's
common knowledge. So that was a
incredibly non-standard prediction that
now everybody thinks is just ordinary.
Like yeah, he's very persuasive. Yeah.
So here was another one I made that was
only like a week or two ago and I got
almost no agreement with it. Remember
we're we're in Trump time now. So two
weeks is like 10 minutes. So it's not
going to feel like this was a long time.
But about two weeks ago, I said on this
show, and I think I probably posted it
as well on X, I said that it looks like
the Democrats have no path to
recover, that they might be just done as
a political party at the federal level,
not at not at the, you know, local
level. They'll do fine.
Now, that would be an
extremely non-standard prediction
because almost everybody just two weeks
ago, almost everybody thought, "Yeah, I
mean, that might be a fantasy, but all
it takes is one good candidate and, you
know, they'll be right back. You know,
the elections will be close." But if you
notice that even Democrats are saying,
"Uh, there's no way back."
So, in two weeks, it went from kind of a
crazy sounding prediction that the
Democrats actually can't come back.
They've created a structure that that
they can't come back from because
they've got this identity politics
cooking and they don't have any good
candidates and they're they're losing
their u congressional uh authority.
Trump is doing amazing things that if it
all works out, it's going to be tough to
say that you shouldn't do more of that.
And it seemed like every single thing
was moving in the same direction and was
going to crush the Democrats, at least
in terms of presidential races and
probably congressional.
So at at the moment even Bill Maher is
saying it doesn't look like they can
come back in a
generation and he's a
Democrat. So it's already gone in just
two weeks from the most crazy
prediction, okay, Democrats are done to
looks like the Democrats are done now. I
don't know if it'll be true. So, so I
can't claim credit yet because that
would that would, you know, be looking
into the future, but look how quickly
that went from a crazy idea to to the
common
belief. Two weeks, that's all it took.
Kind of amazing. Um, I do still think a
an especially charismatic leader could
just change everything, but it would
have to be charismatic almost on a
Trumpian level. And he's a once every
thousand-year character. So, good luck
getting one of those. Um, but he
wouldn't, but whoever it is won't be
running against Trump,
presumably.
So, they don't have to be full Trump.
They just have to be able to pull
together their their their side, which I
don't think can be done, but we'll see.
Um, I guess the stock market partially
had a nice boom yesterday because, uh,
Trump had narrowed the scope of some of
his tariffs. So, postmillennials writing
about this. So apparently instead of
just wildly
um tariffing everybody and just saying
we're going to go reciprocal with
everybody, he's narrowed it down to
15% 15. Uh the dirty 15 as he calls it.
Um it's 15% of countries, but they call
it the dirty 15. And they happen to be
the ones we do the most trade with. So
it it gets you most of your benefits
because the 15% of the countries are the
ones with all the big trade and um so
now those um those tariffs will be more
focused to each country will get its own
little tariff and uh that would include
let's see Australia, Brazil, Canada,
China, European Union, India, Japan,
South Korea, Mexico, Russia, Vietnam and
a few others according to the Wall
Street Journal.
So, because the stock market likes um
clarity and they like certainty, this
got people a lot closer to, all right, I
can see this. That makes sense. You
know, we can negotiate with those
countries and maybe the tariffs will
stick. Maybe maybe we'll see more
countries move or more money coming to
this country. Isn't it something like $3
trillion? Give me a fact check on this.
Um, haven't we seen something like $3
trillion flow into the United States at
least in promises, commitments from big
uh big companies? And they say directly
um in part it's because the US looks
like a good place to invest, but also
they can avoid tariffs by making their
stuff here. So, it looks
like Trump's main thesis that uh if you
don't make it here, we're not going to
be suckers and just be paying you money
on tariffs for no
reason. I think his crazy tariff idea,
believe it or not, you know, just just
like my prediction, his crazy crazy
tariff idea has now almost completely
morphed into common sense.
Do you feel that yet? Am I getting ahead
of it? Let me let me say it
again. It was only a few weeks ago that
even Republicans were saying, "I don't
know. I don't know about this tariff
stuff, right? It looks crazy. It it
looks uh, you know, not really well
thought out. Uh, he doesn't understand
how economics work. Uh, this is not the
way you deal with your allies. You know,
there must be a better way to do it."
But nobody had a better way. Nobody
suggested a better way and we don't know
exactly what he's doing and he keeps
changing his mind. And that was only
like two weeks
ago and today
uh because we're seeing these big
companies come in with oh yeah we want
to build it here so we can avoid the
tariffs. He's proven his main point that
he can cause businesses to move back to
the US. That's a really big deal. But
he's also now clarified it so it's easy
to understand. Okay, you it's only the
big companies, the big countries who
have been kind of abusing us and why
wouldn't we have reciprocal tariffs? Why
wouldn't we? So am I wrong that it's
gone from crazy two weeks ago or at
least
incomprehensible to common
sense in just two
weeks? Am I getting ahead of it or no?
Tell me in the comments cuz I feel like
that's what I'm watching in real time.
And I think the stock market responded
because they saw it collapse into common
sense. Now it's just common sense. And
I'm pretty sure it's such common sense
that it will be the standard that the
United States uses for the rest of time.
I think it's that common sensical that
it they will never go
back. Now, apparently he's also put
secondary tariffs on
Venezuela. Now, if I understand
correctly, a secondary tariff means that
he'll tariff people who are doing
business uh especially energy business,
I think, with
Venezuela.
So, that's going to crush Venezuela.
Now, of course, there's always going to
be some illegal pirated business. So,
you know, maybe countries like um maybe
some other countries will do some
sketchy things and still get their oil
and we won't know if they did it or not.
But that's pretty powerful. He's
definitely using the full power of the
United States economy um where it's
needed. He does understand
power. Well, meanwhile, RFK Jr. says
that uh Doge is now inside the
Department of Health and Human Services
and here's how bad it was inside the
Health and Human Services. Now, imagine
being just the new head of health and
human services and trying to fix the
following on your own. So, here's what
uh RFK Jr. says it. He says, "We've
identified extraordinary waste in my
department and HHS. The expenditures and
the budget of HHS during the Biden
administration went up by 38% the
employees went up by 17% and healthc
care went
down. He said this part just blows my
mind. He says we have 40 comms
departments, 40 procurement departments,
40 IT
departments, 40 procurement, 40 HR, none
of them talking to each other. And then
he says, "We are with Elon's help,"
meaning Doge, "el eliminating the
redundancies. We are streamlining our
department." Now imagine if he tried to
do that while also trying to do his job
as head of health and human resource.
You couldn't do it. It's way too big.
Doge is not just a good idea. It's
essential. And we're very we're also
very close to the point where we're
going from these crazy conversations
about scalpels and chainsaws and just,
you know, wild ideas and he he's trying
to uh he's trying to steal your money to
reduce his own taxes. Just crazy
And now it's moving to just common sense
because how can you look at 40 comms
department and 40 procurements and all
that and say well that was a good idea
the way it was. Well we leave it the way
it was. It was working great. You just
can't like your brain can't go there. So
you just go okay okay okay this kind of
common sense that you take from the
leader of the group you know the
responsibility of figuring out how to
simplify and uh but also give them the
the ultimate approval over what happens
that's exactly how you would design it
if you were to start today to start
today and design this thing design a
thing that would lower you know lower
expenses is and get rid of the fraud and
corruption, it would look exactly like
Doge. So, that's pretty amazing. So,
again, that's collapsing into common
sense. So, let me give you a little tour
of the things we know are completely
corrupt in the United States. And when
you hear them all together, it's wild.
I'll just run down the list. It's all
stuff you know about. So, we first found
out about
USAID, which uh we learned was largely a
CIA purse where they could do things
like coup other countries, but also it
seemed to be this giant piggyback that
was supporting up to 55,000 other NOS's
and none of it had any audit function.
So, it was this massive money
laundering, fraudulent,
um,
secret, unchecked use of your money.
Billions, billions of dollars. So, I
don't know if that's fraud, corruption,
or incompetence, or all three, but that
was shocking. And now we're finding out
that uh a lot of the government is run
by outside contractors,
consultants. And we're learning that the
consultants because they're smart and
capable and they're working with
government employees who are hiring
them. And the government employees are
neither smart nor capable, they sign
deals with these giant consulting
companies for, you know, billions of
dollars of work.
And the deal is not based on
performance. It's based on hours
spent. that. Now, you don't have to be
an expert on management to know that if
you're paying people outrageous amounts
of money and it's based on the hours
that they spend, not on whether they get
a job done, that the job will never be
done so that they can continue charging
you billions of dollars. So, what do you
think happened? Exactly that. The
consultants never leave. They always
have a reason there should be more of
them. They keep finding things that are
also broken and only they can fix until
eventually the consultants are like this
giant, you know, boa constrictor. I
think this is how Scott Besson described
it. And it just starts strangling the
government because they're highly
capable and the government employees
couldn't do it themselves and it's not
their budget and nobody was checking. So
the government employees are like, "Uh,
well, you say you can do this thing. Uh,
I can tell my boss that I'm doing
something if I give you a bunch of
money, so we'll just hire you and you
can work by the hour." And every time my
boss asks, I'll say, "Well, you should
talk to the consultants." They say
things are going great. It's just going
to take them longer than they thought
because they found extra problems as
they
do. Then we're finding that there were
SBA loans to kids under 11 and and uh
over I don't know 120 or something. We
found out that there was plenty of
social security fraud, which means that
the um the public are fraudulent. Not
everybody, but the public was finding
ways to rip off the social security, to
rip off the SBA loans, probably ripping
off everything that can be ripped off.
Then we're finding out, as I mentioned,
the judges that have been judging all
Trump related things and even January 6
related things are not just conflicted,
but almost conflicted beyond the realm
of
believable that that they literally have
spouses that are
activists working on one side of the
aisle. And
somehow, we didn't catch this soon
enough. Now we can, now people are
looking at every one of the judges and
they just keep finding the same thing.
It's like, oh, your daughter or your
spouse are really active in politics and
you did not recuse yourself, you
bastard. If you didn't recuse yourself,
oh man, that's corrupt. That is super
corrupt. So, we know that our judges are
corrupt. We know that the Soros DAS and
Attorney Generals are corrupt. Um, at
least in in terms of how it plays out.
We know until recently the FBI and the
Department of Justice were corrupt and
political. I'm not sure how much they
still are, but less. Uh, we know that
the Congress has so many liars that I
can call some of them the designated
liars like Jasmine Crockett, Jamie
Rascin, Adam Schiff, um, Liz
Cheney. They're designated liars.
They're so
corrupt that they just will say
anything. They'll just start any hoax,
any lie, any ridiculous claim. Totally
corrupt.
We know that the Pentagon lost trillions
of dollars and uh and and whatever it
was that started that war in Ukraine
looks pretty sketchy and fraudulent and
full of crime to most of us. So the
military probably is a source, you know,
although the soldiers I'm I'm sure are
honorable and doing the best they can.
Um at least at the leadership position,
it looks super super corrupt. Um, and
then of course the media, which should
have been the watchd dogss to all of
this, totally corrupt. They're just
mostly just organs of the Democrats, and
we can see that in play every
day.
So that's our
world. So every large group in the
government didn't seem to be tracking
their expenses. Totally corrupt. The
judges totally corrupt. The Congress
totally corrupt. the DAs and the
attorney generals corrupt. The FBI and
the Department of Justice until recently
totally
corrupt. What isn't corrupt?
You know, I I've got this rule that I've
been saying for a long
time that anytime you have a situation
that involves a lot of
money and there are a number of people
involved and there's a long time
involved that they're corrupt every time
because people are going to, you know,
try to chip away and find out where they
can take advantage of something until
they do. So, every one of these
government entities fall into that
category. They've been around a long
time. There's a lot of money involved
and there are a number of people
involved. That pretty much guarantees
corruption. That's all it takes. People
plus time plus money. You'll get
corruption every time. And I don't think
there's an exception to
that. Anyway, according to just the
news, uh there's some ongoing
negotiations with Russia over the
Ukraine war and the Russian the Russia
officials negotiating said that the the
talks have been useful. Uh but they
didn't give any details and they said we
talked about everything. Um one of the
negotiators Russian said we talked about
everything. It was an intense dialogue,
not easy, but very useful for us and the
Americans. So, there does seem to be
maybe some possibility of something good
happening. Um, correct me if I'm wrong.
Didn't didn't Trump just recently, maybe
yesterday, say that we were close to
signing a minerals deal with
Ukraine? Because I'm very skeptical that
that's going to happen.
So, we'll see. I mean, I could be wrong.
It's possible that we'll sign an
agreement, but then nothing ever
happens, you know, because Ukraine will
resist it one way or the other or other
events will happen. So, I don't really
think any of this looks like it's going
to wrap up
quickly.
Um, so my best guess would be 3 months.
In three
months, maybe there's something that
looks like an agreement of something we
could try, but I don't think it's going
to be three days. I don't think it's
going to be three weeks. I'm gonna say 3
months at best. So, that'll be my
estimate. In 3 months, you might see
some kind of a deal. Now, if we got it
in 3
months, you know, you'd be happy in
retrospect. You you might think uh you
might think it should happen really
quickly.
Anyway, um so now I'm seeing in the
comments, uh the the whole signal story,
the signal lab story, the uh the bad
guys in the media are turning it into
the only thing they have to talk about,
which does make me think that uh James
Carville might have been pretty smart
because in the normal flow of things, if
you just simply sit there and shut up
and wait, stories will emerge. merge
because the media will find something to
latch on to like this signal app thing
and they can blow it in out of
proportion and turn it into another hoax
or they can exaggerate it from a little
problem into a big one and then you just
watch it happen and then you've got
something to work with.
So, I'm going to be so sick of
signal, you know, this the signal stuff,
but we got to listen to that for months.
Anyway, um there's new resolution
according to the Daily
Wire. So, there's a Representative
Stwie. He's got a resolution that
charges the cartels or a clear and
evident danger and it would give the
military more leeway on what to do. Uh
it would allow the full force of the
American military to combat the drug
cartels. Now, I thought we already had
the ability to do that because we said
they're terrorists, but apparently
there's something else you can do. Um,
some kind of resolution, so I'd be all
for that, even if it's just a
threat. Here's a uh a little tip they
could have just asked me, but uh there
was a scientific study. Scientific
America is talking about it. Rachel
Newer is writing about it that uh you
will be more trusted if you have a
better microphone. So if you're doing
anything remote or anything like in a
podcast or anything like I'm doing right
now, if you have a good microphone,
people will think you're smarter and
more capable and more
trustworthy just because the sound is
better. And if you had asked me, do you
think that's a thing? I would have said
yes without any study whatsoever. It's
yeah sound makes a difference. One of
the things I noticed back in my
corporate days is that the people who
became executives were not necessarily
the most gifted leaders but they all had
a certain kind of voice and the voice
was almost like a radio voice.
uh almost like you could hear, you know,
two different voices at in one, like
really interesting voices. And I thought
to myself, there's no way that's a
coincidence. They have nice hair and
they have these unusually interesting
voices. Yeah, it totally makes a
difference. People are absolutely
influenced by height, attractiveness,
hair,
fitness, and the sound of a voice. And
if the microphone is changing the sound
of your voice, it's the easiest thing to
fix. Get a better microphone. Um, it'll
make a huge
difference. And that, ladies and
gentlemen, is all I had to talk about
today. I think uh I think it's a fun
day.
It does seem like what we've learned
about the government being corrupt from
top to bottom is just
shocking is but on the other hand it
shouldn't be surprising that I I'll tell
you what my biggest surprises were that
there's no accountability for spending.
Now, I have to admit, as low as my
opinion was of the government, I didn't
think it was possible that they couldn't
account for their spending. I just never
would have imagined that. And the thing
about the Pentagon not being able to
explain where trillions of dollars went.
Trillions. Never could have guessed
that. I also would not have guessed that
the government systems are closer to the
60s than
2025. I would have said they're probably
old and they need to be updated, but I
wouldn't have guessed that. And those
were way worse than I thought. And I
wouldn't have guessed that there was an
entire secondary government structure
set up. Uh you could argue that it was
all under the sort of Obama umbrella
because it was an extension of things
that happened during his uh during his
time in office and beyond. And that that
extensive network of NOS's and then
Soros getting his DAS and doing all of
his dirty
tricks. It was essentially a shadow
government. And it was a shadow
government that Obama had parily set up
to run the
country from not being in office. And it
looks like it was to enrich his
friends
primarily. Basically, they just figured
out that the the best way to get rich is
ripping off the government. And so,
Democrats seem to have created a
criminal organization, at least the
people who were in the know. and you
know the people who are you know deeply
into the NOS's and stuff. It appears
that they somewhat
intentionally set up a mass criminal
organization to steal your tax money and
put it in their
pockets cuz everything from the Ukraine
war to USA ID to, you know, the Pentagon
spending to it just all seems to have
the same characteristic which is it
doesn't look like it was even designed
for the benefit of the public. It looks
like it was designed entirely as a
criminal enterprise. and functioned as
one.
So, I don't know if we'll ever be able
to wrap our heads around that. And then
the biggest problem is that you have to
get pretty deep into the weeds to to
feel that you've got a sense for the big
picture because I don't think there's
any Democrat who's seeing the same news
that you and I
are. I don't think so. I think we're
seeing news that is informing us uh you
know sort of the Mike Benz um Glenn
Greenwald kind of a description of how
the world works. If you looked at um the
things that are coming out of Doge and
the Mike Ben stuff and the Glenn
Greenwald stuff and you could probably
add a few more. We're seeing a picture
of the
world that is insanely different from
what I imagined it was even, you know, a
few years ago. As much as you thought
the government was bad, you really
didn't have any idea. I mean, maybe you
did, but I didn't. Um,
unfreakingbelievable. And it could be
that the u our experience with the
pandemic may have opened our brains to
see the rest. I think it was invisible.
Like you couldn't actually accept it
because it was too far out of what you
would think would be normal. You know,
if something doesn't belong somewhere,
it's
invisible. And you would say to
yourself, well, these these weird claims
you're making, there's no way this could
be true. But wow, once you find out some
of the claims are
true, it it looks completely different.
So my question is, how could you
ever communicate
that to
Democrats? Because there's still a lot
of Democrats who don't know that they
belong to a criminal organization
um because they're not criminals.
They're just voters who have a
preference. But they are a part of a
criminal organization. Definitely part
of a criminal organization.
And there's so many moving parts to it
though that you can't really describe
it. Like anything you did would sound
like such a weak description because you
should really spend a week, you know, of
your time doing nothing but like digging
in to see how everything's connected and
how bad it is, how how bad the conflict
is, how bad the lawfare was. You'd have
to dig pretty deeply and I don't know if
there's any way to communicate
it. I I think Trump and uh and Musk
probably have the best approach I can
think of, which is just giving you
anecdotes of crazy things your money was
going to. Now, that doesn't get you to
the criminal element of it, but it does
make you oppose it because maybe you
didn't want to give your money to find
out if flies can be turned transsexual
or whatever it is. So, they've got all
these examples that might not even turn
out to be exactly true, but at least
they're easy to remember. You know,
transsexual frogs and stuff. So, it
might be that's the best you can do.
Just give some wild anecdotes and people
remember one or two of the anecdotes and
say, "Yeah, I don't want to be involved
in funding those transsexual frogs."
But I feel like there's probably a
better narrative or something that could
capture all the badness, which is
extreme. Just extreme badness. So, I'll
think about that. See if I can come up
with
anything. Two words, Chicago politics.
Yeah, but even that, the average person
doesn't know what Chicago politics is.
you know, you're really into the top
5enters when you do something like
that. All right. Uh, ladies and
gentlemen, I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately for a minute.
The rest of you, thanks for joining.
I'll be back here tomorrow, same time,
same place. If you're on X or YouTube or
Rumble, I appreciate you being
here. Hope you enjoyed it. All right, 30
seconds. It will be private with