Hello everybody. Hello. Oo, that's two
of me. You only need
one. Let's get our comments going and
then we'll be ready
for the best show you've ever seen on a
Saturday.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams.
You've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human
brains. All you need for that is a
copper micro glass tank or Chalisstein,
a canteen juggera vessel of any kind.
and fill it with your favorite liquid. I
like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine, the
end of the day, the thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. And it's going to
happen
now. So
good. That was a little extra
good. All right. today after the show
because it's Saturday there will be an
afterparty
uh Owen Gregorian will be hosting that
on spaces the audio only service with on
the X platform so just look for Owen
Gregorian or you can look for my X
account and it has the repost there. Um
but make sure you watch it the
afterparty right after the show. All
right. So, uh I wonder if there's any
science that could have been skipped if
they had just asked me instead. Oh,
yeah, there is. According to Cypost,
uh agnostics are more indecisive,
neurotic, and prone to maximizing
choices. So, agnostics are less decisive
than atheists and Christians.
Um, you know how they could have come to
that same conclusion, spending a lot
less money and taking a lot less
time? Just ask me, hey, do you think
agnostics are as certain as atheists and
Christians? And I would say probably
not. Do you think they can uh rapidly
order at the Cheesecake Factory? I would
say to I would say probably not.
Probably not. You don't need to study
that one. So next time ask me chat GPT
has a very big upgrade which is
scary but oh so useful. So you decide
how much fear you want but ours technico
is reporting on it. Samuel that uh now
chat GPT will be able to remember if you
set it to do that you have the option of
turning it off. It will remember all of
your prior
conversations. So if you were asking
chat GPT about a certain topic months
ago and then you wanted to follow up,
you wouldn't have to reexlain everything
again. You would already know, oh, this
person already asked me these questions,
so I don't need to answer the same stuff
again. I'll just add this new thing that
they asked me about.
So, how much more useful that will
become is a lot. That's a pretty big
advancement. Um, I can't It's hard to
imagine they can store all that, but
they got a lot of lot of data centers.
So, that's coming. Well, Trump had his
uh physical. We don't have the the
results
yet, but I did a comic yesterday uh
called Robots Read News. Those of you on
locals get to see it only. And uh robots
read news is literally a robot and a sex
doll who do the news. And uh I'm going
to compare what Trump said himself about
the results the results of his uh
medical exam. And then I'm going and
then I'm going to compare it to the joke
version that I wrote before Trump uh
spoke about it. And I want you to see if
I captured the vibe of it approximately
correct. All right. So here's what Trump
said. The doctor hasn't said anything
yet, but Trump said, "Overall, I felt I
was in very good shape. A good heart, a
good soul, very good
soul." A very good
soul. Which medical tested his soul? Oh,
looks like your soul is doing great, Mr.
President. uh you're you're at 100% in
the
soul. No one in the world would have
said that. He's the only human being who
would have said he went to a medical
examination and he had a good heart and
a good soul, a very good soul. And then
he says, "I took uh I wanted to be a
little different than Biden. I took a
cognitive test. Uh, I don't know what to
tell you other than I got every answer
[Laughter]
right. Okay, now that's what he actually
said. Now, here's what the comic version
said when the robot in my comic strip,
Robots Read News, was reporting on the
same event. So, the robot reading the
news, he was quoting the doctor. The
doctor hasn't actually spoken yet, but
it's a fake quote of the doctor. Quote
essent that Trump is essentially
immortal and slightly slightly smarter
than Einstein. His testicles are like
bowling balls and his ear grew back
better. Now, don't you think I captured
the vibe? His ear grew back better.
there. There's no way you can report his
medical examination straightforward. It
just has to be funny because, you know,
the real one's going to be hilarious,
but whatever it is the doctor says is
going to be, you know, is going to have
to be approved by Trump. So, so it's
going to be classic, whatever it
is. Oh, anyway, let's talk about some
news. So, um Trump signed an executive
order. I guess he's going to end federal
funding for sanctuary
cities. So if you're a sanctuary city,
basically you're out of luck for
federal funding. And uh he's serious
about this
whole about closing the border and
shipping people back. He's really
serious in case you wondered. Is he just
joking? No. No, he's completely serious.
So, sanctuary cities, you could have a
little trouble. Uh, that would include
Seattle, Chicago, Denver, Boston, New
York, Los Angeles, and others. So, we'll
see if they bow to that. Meanwhile, if
you didn't think that was tough
enough, according to the Gateway Pundit,
uh do you remember Alina Haba, who was
one of Trump's attorneys? Well, she's
now the US uh
attorney uh of New
Jersey. So, she's a US attorney there
and she's opening a criminal probe into
the governor of New Jersey for
obstructing ICE. So, apparently the
governor said they wouldn't cooperate
with ICE trying to deport people. So,
that would be obstruction with the
federal government's law enforcement. So
Alina Haba is going to do a criminal
probe into the
governor for saying no to the federal
government. Now that's pretty serious.
That's pretty
serious. Uh meanwhile,
Doge has inserted itself um so that
there's some kind of federal grant
website I never heard of,
grants.gov. But apparently this website
is sort of the central clearing place
for uh $500 billion dollars a year in
awards for let's see the grants are for
uh what are they for grants? They're a
bunch of
grants. So I guess there's a lot of
different grants for a lot of different
things. But, uh, Doge is going to make
sure that, uh, any of those grants get
looked at by Doge. So, all the crazy
stuff like, uh, a million dollars to
find clothing for squirrels, I made that
one up, but could have been real. Or,
uh, $20 million to turn insects gay. I
made that one up, too. But they sound
kind of real, don't they?
All right. So, so that's
happening. Um, CNN, I was watching CNN
yesterday after the market closed. It
was in the afternoon and it was
hilarious because it looked like they
wrote their uh entire opening monologue
uh the host before they saw the market
closed up.
So what they had already written was the
market is full of volatility and
uncertainty and there's chaos and
volatility and the volatility and the
uncertainty. But what actually
happened was that the market closed
up. the the actual news should have been
well it looks like the market has
adjusted to uh whatever volatility and
uncertainty there is or it looks like
the market understands now what Trump's
trying to accomplish and can see that
you know there would be a light at the
end of the tunnel so the market is a
little more confident so it it ended up
but instead they had already readied
this whole there is so much uncertainty
so so they had to not mention the actual
close of the market until they really
loaded on the uncertainty. And I'm
thinking to myself, if the market goes
up, like a nice little it was a a nice
little gain actually at the end of the
week, I don't know. I don't think you
can sell the uncertainty message as as
well. Uh you So here's a little lesson
on uh public
communication. If you're ever a
financial expert and somebody asks you,
you know, what's gonna happen with the
economy and you want to sound like
you're an expert so that you really said
something, but you don't want to say
anything, then copy Larry Frink of Black
Rockck. So, he was asked about the uh,
you know, the economy, where's the
economy going? And he's like one of the
top money guys in the whole country, the
world really. So, I mean, he's somebody
who should really know. I mean, if you
listen to Larry Frink, he should know.
Is it going up? Is it going down? Here's
what Larry Frink says. The US is very
close to a
recession. You magnificent weasel. Very
close to a recession. So, let me get
this right. If we have a recession,
Larry Frink can say, "I told you we were
very close to it." I mean, I guess I
nailed it. I said we were very close to
it and and then here we are. Sure
enough, but if we don't have a
recession, you can later say, "Wow, we
sure were
close." He It's a completely
unverifiable claim that we were very
close. And and the fact that he added
very to close, you don't need the very,
that's just like acting like you know
something. Um, so if anybody asks you
how the economy is going to go, you say
just say just shake your head and say,
"I think we're very close to recession."
Very close. And then later when somebody
checks on you, you go, "I didn't say
we'd have a
recession. I said we were very close.
Thank goodness we didn't." Yeah, you
could win either
way. Well, according to the Financial
Times, they've got some data. John Burn
Murdoch is writing about this that uh
the Europeans have cancelled a ton of
travel to the United States. So let's
see if you can find out what's wrong
with this story. All right. So I only
saw the uh posts. There was a thread on
it with you know graphs and stuff. So
the thread said that the uh the number
of people traveling from Europe to the
US in recent weeks has plummeted by as
much as
35%. Plummeted by as much as
35%. And uh travelers have canceled
plans in response to Trump's policies
and rhetoric and horror stories from the
border. Now here's my first question.
Um, remember I taught you that if
somebody gives you the percentage
without the raw numbers or they give you
the raw numbers without the percentages
that that's not news, that's
propaganda. This is percentages without
without raw
numbers. That's
propaganda. The second question I would
ask
is how much of this is Easter related?
And would there normally be an uptick in
travel from Europe around Easter or
would people more likely want to stay
home because they might want to
celebrate Easter at home? I don't know.
So I wonder about that. I also wonder
has travel from the US to Europe gone
down and then I wonder how many people
are involved. For example, how many
people were coming from Austria to the
United States? What would be the
baseline? Because I've lived in the
United States my entire life. I've never
met an Austrian who was on
vacation. I've never met one or or they
said that Denmark really fell off. I
have never met anybody from Denmark who
was on
vacation. It can't be that many people.
Now, I have met
Germans and uh you know, people from the
UK, so they definitely go on vacation,
but all these little countries that I've
never even met a single person who's
been on vacation from those places, do
we really care? And does it
matter? Here's the the story they're
trying to tell the the bad guys is that
uh Trump has ruined the United States
brand for a
generation. Do you believe
that?
No. The the minute people are happy with
the United States, either because Trump
of office or because they like the job
he's done, they'll just come back.
There's no such thing as, you know,
judging another country by its
brand. There's only what's happening
right now and how do you feel right now?
At the moment, I wouldn't go near Great
Britain. I wouldn't go near
it. And some I wouldn't actually I
wouldn't go to Europe at all, but I
could easily see that changing. you know
you if the conditions that make Europe
seem unpalatable at the moment if they
were to change I'd say oh different
conditions maybe
yes so I don't know how much of a story
that is but I would note that the the
big
complaint the big complaint that
Democrats have about uh Trump and about
Musk is that they're in it for
themselves. If you were Trump and you
owned hotels around the world, but a lot
of in the US, do you think that you
would be happy that you would decreased
European um
tourism? Probably not. It's probably
expensive for Trump. So, can we dispense
with the Trump's only in it for the
money? I don't think he would be
tariffing and pissing off the people who
were probably, you know, maybe 20% or a
third a third of all of his customers at
his hotels. If he was in it for the
money, if he were in it for the money,
he wouldn't tariff anybody. He'd just
try to be friends with everybody like
everybody else does. So clearly, Trump
is in to fix actual problems in the real
world.
So, I keep telling you that the the
complaints about Trump and about Musk
are
imaginary, but it's really hilarious
when you see them all together. Uh so,
just compare this. So, the Republicans
biggest things they're working on are
things like uh closing the border. The
border is a real thing and it was really
open and it was really a problem. It's a
real thing and uh Trump's done a good
job of closing it. Then there's the the
spending problem. That's very real, the
most real thing ever and Doge is working
on reducing it. There's the tariffs,
which no matter what you think about his
strategy for the tariffs, tariffs are a
real thing, and we really do have bad
trade agreements, they should be a lot
better. So, pretty much you could go
down the line. everything that Trump is
working on, everything that Musk is
working on are real legitimate problems.
And nobody would argue otherwise. You
know, nobody would say, "Well, the
border is
imaginary." Nobody's going to say that.
But now look at uh look at the problems
that the Democrats are putting forward
as the the main thing they're working
on, that black people and divorced women
don't know how to get IDs to vote.
Um, I'm going to assign that to the
Department of Imaginary Concerns, unless
we can meet at least one black person or
at least one woman who can't figure out
how to get an ID to
vote. How about the chaos will lead to
something that we can't imagine and it's
bad? Well, that's literally
imaginary. Chaos is a word designed to
scare senior citizens. So, basically,
the Democrats are running a long-term
scam on seniors. If they can get the
seniors to be afraid of Elon Musk and
Doge, they can continue ripping off
seniors and everybody else by putting
their tax money into NOS's that
eventually return the money to the
spouses of the same Democrats, you know,
once we figured out the trick.
So, so that that's basically just a scam
that they're running on
seniors. Then there's a Musk will steal
your secret ser your your social
security numbers and give them to
people. That that's as imaginary as you
could come up with. Like why would he
even think of that? Like why would that
even be a thing? So again, that's just
to scare senior citizens because the
Democrats are running a long-term scam
on
seniors.
Um there was a town hall in which uh one
of the members asked this question. Um
it was on CNN. It said the question was
being asked to some Republican
candidate. Uh what are you doing to
control Elon Musk? He was not elected by
the voters and is running completely
unchecked. He was not elected by the
voters puts him in the same category as
nearly everybody working for the
government. That's not a real problem.
The not elected by the people means
nothing because most of everything that
gets done in the government is done by
people who are not
elected. What kind of a complaint is
that? It's literally a madeup complaint
that you assume that seen that that the
the people paying no attention to the
news think is somehow
important. It's not. Uh and plus, you
know, Musk won't be there forever. Um
and that he's running completely
unchecked. Is that real? Do my
understanding is that the department
heads, the cabinet heads have the final
say on any cuts. That's the opposite of
unchecked. It's literally the opposite
of the news that everybody is aware of.
So that's imaginary. We'll we'll assign
that to the Department of Imaginary
Concerns. And then uh there was a
complaint that Musk's uh actions
um were bad and his treatment of federal
workers is bad. Well, what would those
actions be? And what exactly is he doing
to federal workers that they're supposed
to like when when they're being
downsized? There's no such thing as
employees being downsized who are happy
about it, who think it happened the
right way. You know, nobody ever gets
fired and says, you know, I don't like
getting fired, but I have to admit the
way they did it very good. That they
they just handled it right. Nobody says
that. These are completely imaginary
concerns. Um Rachel
Matto was uh warning people that uh Musk
might share their tax information and
that would be very
illegal. Okay, that would be kind of
illegal. But why exactly would he be
sharing anybody's tax
information? That's completely
imaginary.
That's the best they could come up with.
He's going to share your tax
information. Okay. Um the other thing is
that
uh that Musk and Trump are going to take
away your
healthcare based on nothing. They're
doing the only thing you could do to
maybe protect it, which is to get the
debt under control. So opposite
imaginary. Um, Trump's going to become a
fascist, all
imaginary. Um, he's going to take away
women's rights and gay rights. They
stopped saying that cuz it's so dumb,
but that was imaginary. And the the only
thing that Democrats have that's real,
that's like a real issue that they can
look to, is that the Republicans are
looking to get rid of trans men in
women's sports.
Now, what's funny about that is that the
only real issue they have, because
that's really happening, there really
are trans uh in women's sports and they
really are being banned by Trump's
administration. But the funny part is
that the issue itself is people
imagining something that's not real.
They're imagining that they're another
gender or another sex. Now, you could
argue whether they're imagining it or
not.
But it's funny that that's the
exception. That the exception is based
on what most of you would say is people
just imagining something that's not
real. That their sex is something
different than it is.
Okay. According to the New York Times,
the uh Democrats greatest leader Kla
Harris is uh is contemplating all of her
future possible moves. But one of the
things she's thinking
about, and I don't think this would be
funny if it came from anybody else, but
she's considering an institute for
policy and
ideas. It would be the world's smallest
institute because they don't have any
policies and they don't have any ideas.
I think you could fit the entire thing
in a phone booth. It's like, oh, where's
your building, the Institute for
Policies and Ideas? Well, you see that
shed over there? Yes, it's in that
shed. Uh, what else is in the shed?
Well, lawnmowers and tools and stuff. We
didn't need the entire shed. We just
needed a little corner of the shed. So,
that's
funny. Uh, apparently there's a another
wannabe potential Trump assassin who is
caught in Butler, Pennsylvania. What the
hell is wrong with Butler, Pennsylvania?
that's
producing
wannabe assassins. So, this particular
wannabe assassin doesn't sound like he
was very well trained by anybody because
he had been bragging online his plans to
uh to kill Trump and Elon Musk and other
US officials. And he reportedly
purchased firearms and after Trump took
office. Now, I'm assuming that this one
is not being backed by any intelligence
groups from our country or anywhere else
because he seems a little uh
uncontrollable, maybe a little bit
crazy. Or maybe just watches MSNBC. It'd
be the same
thing. Um, so here's my here's my
strategic evaluation of the Democrat
process.
So they've they've decided that they're
going to push this chaos
thing, you know, chaos, chaos, chaos. At
the same time, they're backing the the
protests against
Tesla, which are
chaos. So they're literally paying
people to create chaos in the streets
while they're complaining about all the
chaos. That's the dumbest strategy I've
ever seen. Um, but the Republicans
haven't really called it out. Every time
chaos comes up, they should say, "You're
literally paying for riots on our
streets. You're literally organizing
them, you know, under the banner of
Democrats, basically." So you can't get
any more chaos than trying to overthrow
the current country u making it too
dangerous to go outside
uh filling the world with fake news and
then trying to take down one of the
biggest most important companies in the
United States. That's a lot of chaos.
But here's my real point.
What happens when Elon Musk is done with
his 130 days? And he just says, "I've
done what I can do. Take a look at all
our work. From now on, the um there'll
be a team that's left there, but I won't
be running it because my, you know, my
term came to an end." And we're going to
put it in somebody you never heard of,
but really good. you know, somebody who
was successful entrepreneur somewhere,
let's say, and
uh they won't be nearly the the magnet
for attention as Musk was. So, what
happens if Musk gives the Democrats what
they ask
for? What they ask for is for him to not
be on the job, and they're going to get
it. Now, that doesn't mean he's going to
quit. All he has to do is wait until his
term is up at the end of May. So, what
happens when they get the thing they
wanted the most? What are they going to
do then?
I don't think they planned this out
because it doesn't exactly position them
for the
midterms because it will look like uh
Doge accomplished a bunch of things,
saved a bunch of money of crazy things
and then he left willingly just like he
always
planned. They're going to really run out
of stuff to say. I don't think they've
planned this out at all.
And then what happens when they're
complaining about all the chaos of the
um the tariff stuff? What happens when
countries start making
deals? Because countries have already
made offers that at least at a high
level look like the outline of a deal.
They're coming into town like crazy. The
the negotiators are going to be busy.
And the funniest thing I heard was, you
know, how Trump threatened all the law
firms that tried to lawfare him and uh
you you reached agreement with several
of them that they would provide in many
cases over $und00 million of pro bono
work for whatever Trump wanted them to
do. And apparently Trump might want them
to negotiate trade deals.
Can you imagine that? Can you imagine if
everybody's like, "Oh, you went after
all these, you went after all these uh,
you know, lawyers and you tried to
lawfare the lawyers and then you find
out that they offered all this free
service." And he said, "Yeah, that's
perfect because we've got all these
trade deals we have to negotiate.
They're really complicated. So maybe you
could give us $100 million worth of
helping us negotiate good trade
deals. What What are Democrats going to
complain about
then? I don't know. So Bill Maher has
finally come back from vacation. So he
was he was
gone. Hold on. My light just went out,
so to
speak. How does that happen? I don't
know. Um, so Bill Morris finally gave us
a read on his meeting with Trump. Does
anybody remember what I said was going
to happen? So I had a prediction about
how the meeting would go. So my
prediction was based on my own and other
people's experience meeting Trump for
the first time which is what I told you
was that Trump is unusually charismatic
and generous meaning that he gives you
eye contact. He lets you talk. He asks
about your opinion and while you're
there you're the only person in the
world. He makes you feel like you're the
only person who matters in the world and
he has no other interest about anything
except you. Now, I felt that and and I
told you that's what Bill Maher is going
to get. He's going to get the oh my god,
this guy's just sort of awesome in
person. So, let me give you a readout of
what Bill Maher said himself about his
own experience.
He was talking to his audience and he
said,"Everything I don't like about
him," meaning Trump, "was, I swear to
God, absent, at least on that night."
Let me read that again. Everything I
don't like about him was, "I swear to
God, absent, at least on that night." He
said, "He's much more self-aware than he
lets on in public." That is correct.
He's could be self-aware.
Um he said quote Mar said you can hate
me for it but I'm not a liar. Trump was
gracious and
measured exactly. He made eye contact.
He asked uh Mar for his opinion and then
listened to it. Exactly what I told you
was going to happen. Remember I remember
I told you that he asked your opinion
and then he actually really listens to
it. It's a it's like a superpower when
you feel heard like that. you never
forget it. Um, he got a tour of the
house which he was impressive of course
and Mar said he shared a print out of
all the in insults that Trump had ever
gave him over the years and Trump signed
it with quote good humor. So Trump just
took it as it was fun and he just signed
it and gave it back to him which was
perfect.
Um then Mars said he was surprised
uh that Trump
laughs, something he said he had never
seen him do in public. And he told his
audience, quote, "He does, including at
himself. He
does." And then then Mar said, um, "And
it's not fake. Believe me, as a comedian
of 40 years, I know a fake laugh when I
hear it."
And that wasn't fake. So remember,
everybody talks about Trump being
authentic. There it is. There it is. A
comedian knows a fake laugh. His was
authentic. And then Mar said, "I never
felt I had to walk on eggshells around
them." And then and they said and
honestly Mar said I voted for Clinton
and Obama but I would never feel
comfortable talking to them the way I
was able to talk with Donald
Trump. Just just listen to
that. And he says uh that's just how it
went down. Make of it what you will. Me
I feel it's emblematic of why the
Democrats are so unpopular these days.
There it is.
He was in the presence of the head of
MAGA and did not feel
judged. Did not feel
judged. And did not feel that he would
be
judged. But his own
team, he feels that one misstep and he
would be
judged. That's so powerful. And that's I
think that actually explains MAGA pretty
well.
Um, so Mar went on, he said, "A crazy
person doesn't live in the White House.
A person who plays a crazy person on TV
a lot lives there, which I know is effed
up. It's just not as effed up as I
thought it was.
So he finally
understands that Trump understands how
to put on a
show and that if you believe the show
was the person then you were completely
confused about anything that was going
on and I think that was the case. How
many times have I told you I've used the
word that it's a show and that he uses
hyperbole and you know he's playing to
the audience. I've been telling you that
forever. Of course, his real personality
is not the show. The show is the show.
The show is work. It's, you know,
important in its own way, but the show
is the show. It's not his
personality. And uh then Mar said that
he walked away
with nothing from the White House except
hats and a very generous amount of time
and a willingness to listen. and accept
me as a possible
friend even though I'm not MAGA, which
was the point of the
dinner.
Wow.
Wow. Now, again, I take you back to my
prediction. So, you know, I've only
spent 20 minutes with the president and
it was in 2018, but this was my exact
experience. Exact experience. Just this.
So, right on
point. I don't think it'll change uh,
you know, Mars criticism. Nobody expects
him to, but uh, it's such a reframe.
It's incredible. So, meanwhile, Taiwan
has offered to drop tariffs and to buy
more stuff from the US, Reuters says.
I don't want to get too excited about
any offers from any countries on tariffs
because once you get into the
details you know things get
crazy.
Um Trump has said he wants to according
to the Brussels signal he uh he
suggested linking tariff negotiations in
Europe with US troop deployment. He says
those could be part of the same thing.
What if I told you that Trump does well
in
negotiating? One of the things he does
is he brings things into the negotiation
that you don't think are part of the
negotiation. There's no Democrat who
would have said we should talk about
troop deployment in the same
conversation as tariffs. Only one
person, the the the one person who
understands how to make a deal. So, if
bringing in extra variables gets you to
the deal, well, you bring them in. And
I've said this a million times. If you
can't make a deal and and throughout
history, everybody's been stymi because
they can't make a deal, whatever it is,
tariffs or anything else, you just
broaden the variables. You just add,
well, what if we, you know, also
included this other topic that we
weren't talking about? Now, could we
have a deal? It's just basic deal
making. and only Trump seems to even
understand that it exists as a technique
and then he uses
it. So he said the same about South
Korea too that troop deployment might be
part of a tariff
negotiation. Well, as you know, um, from
Doge, um, there were a lot of, uh,
illegal migrants in the country who were
given social security numbers. And turns
out that the easiest way to fix that is
to just change the database, if you know
which ones are the, you know,
non-citizens who have them. Uh, change
the database to list them as dead.
It's just easier because once you list
them as dead, the system prevents you
from using the social security number
anymore. So, you wouldn't be able to get
an ID or, you know, vote or, you know,
do all the things that you use it for.
So, I guess that's one way to do it.
Um Glenn Greenwald was on uh Jesse
Waters show talking about, you know, the
difference between the Democrats who
have nothing to offer and Trump. And
even Greenwald says that Trump is
authentic no matter what you think of
him. But the Democrats have no identity.
Uh all they have is words that
consultants have given them. So they
repeat the words. Um, but here's what I
here's what I want you to watch for.
You'll think this is hilarious the next
time you see it. Now, this only applies
to the senior Democrat leaders. So, it'
be Schumer, Warren,
um, Jeff. So, this won't apply to just
pundits on CNN, but they've obviously
been taught that chaos is the key word.
And people who are experts at
communicating know that people will
forget 90% of whatever you say about
anything. So if there's one part of your
message you want them to remember and
repeat, you got to really, you know,
emphasize it. So So what the top
Democrats do, and I saw this in a
compilation clip the other day, uh they
they chickenen head the word chaos. By
chicken ad, I'm going to do my
impression of it. like the the head
thrusts forward like a chicken walking.
So So if you see them talking, they'll
be saying stuff like, "Uh Trump is doing
terrible things. He's uh he's uh not
elected to do that. Uh we're worried
that he'll cut your healthcare." And
he's bringing chaos.
Chaos. And they checking at it. Chaos.
because they want they want to make sure
that the one thing you remember is that
word
kios. So next time you see it, you're
going to laugh you're going to laugh
your ass off. It's so obvious that it's
a consultant chosen word and it's part
of their scamming senior citizens
because chaos doesn't necessarily scare
a young person because young people are
like chaos that might be fun. But if
you're old and you don't want anything
to change because you can just barely
afford your life the way it is, you
don't want any chaos.
So, um, between the chaos word and the
fact that they keep repeating he's going
to cut your health care, you know, your
Medicare, Medicaid stuff, those are
scams on seniors. They basically taken
the Nigerian prince approach to politics
where why don't we just scam
seniors? We'll just tell them some
things that they're not likely to check
and uh we'll get them all worried and
then we can get elected.
Anyway, it's hard to claim chaos is the
problem when you're running fake
protests against
Tesla. Um, Harry Anton, who's the data
guy on CNN, um, has yet another shocking
poll that I'll give I'll give CNN credit
for running the poll and giving it a lot
of time. Uh the question was who cares
more for the needs of people like you,
Democrats or
Republicans? Who cares more? In 1994,
uh by 19 points, Democrats were picked
as the ones who care more about people
like you. In 2005, it was all the way up
to 23. an advantage for uh
Democrats that Democrats are the one who
cared the more about people like you. In
2017, it was still, you know, with
Trump's first term, it was up, they were
still up 13. Now, these are big
advantages. All right? If the public
thinks that you that uh that the
Democrats care more about people like
them, well, of course they're going to
vote that way. Guess what it is in
2025? It's a
tie. It's a tie. Trump actually brought
up 19, up 23, up
13. He brought that advantage to zero.
It's a
tie. So, Democrat Democrats are no
longer seen as the party of the people.
Um Trump has made the complete
transition. Uh but people who have
college degrees still think by by um a
good
amount that uh Democrats are the ones
for people like them. People with
college degrees. People without college
degrees absolutely think the Republicans
are people like them and are concerned
about people like
them. So that is just wild.
You know, you you've heard people say,
even the Democrats say this, they'll say
this about Trump, that he's the best
political athlete they have ever seen.
Have you heard them say that? It it's
kind of a good way to acknowledge the
reality that he's so successful in
politics um without sounding too
gushing. So, they just say he's the best
political athlete they've ever seen.
That's right. Uh, I've told you he was
the most
persuasive person I'd ever seen. You
know, even 2016 I was saying that. But
yeah, he's the best political athlete
we've ever seen. And this just really
brings that home. Um, and then if you're
wondering how this would affect the
midterm,
uh, the generic midterm, if you were
looking at a generic Republican versus a
generic Democrat,
um, in November
2024, the, uh, Democrats were only up
one.
Uh and uh in
2017 when things went wrong for the
midterms for Trump in his first term,
Democrats were up by
seven. So even the advantage of uh what
you expect would be a midterm wipeout.
The data does not suggest that there
will be a midterm wipeout. Now there
might still be but the data doesn't
signal it because up one is the same as
you know a tie basically.
Just think about that with all of the
the efforts of the Democrats to, you
know, protest Tesla and be against
tariffs and everything's chaos and it's
just been a fullcourt press against
Trump and
Musk and it brought them only to a tie
as the midterms are looking ahead. And
like I
said, their biggest complaint is Elon
Musk's contribution, and that could be
completely wound down before the
midterms. What do they got? And what
what happens if Trump has, I don't
know, 25 trade deals lined up and they
all look better than they used to be as
we head into the midterms and and China
is isolated.
I don't know. It might be a might be a
real bad day for Democrats. It's way too
early to know. So, you know that SAVE
Act, that's the one where uh Republicans
have uh trying to pass a law that
everybody needs a ID to be able to vote.
Steven Miller is reminding us that
there's literally only one
reason that Democrats would be in favor
of not having an ID requirement to vote.
There's only one reason. It's so you can
get a bunch of illegal voters to vote
for
you. There is not really a second reason
because that whole women can't get ID,
nobody thinks that's true. Or that black
people can't get ID and they want to
vote, nobody thinks that's true. We're
still waiting for the the first example
of that.
You know, all day long CNN will give you
stories about, uh, here's this fisherman
whose business will be destroyed by
tariffs. Here's this small business
person who does business with Amazon and
their business will be destroyed by
tariffs. Then you change the channel to
Fox News and it's here's this victim of
illegal immigrants. Here's another
victim of illegal immigrants. Any time
you can find even one freaking person to
make your
case, they get highlighted. Every single
time. You only need to find one, just
one
victim or one example. And then you go
wild of acting like it's, you know,
representative of the whole. Sometimes
it is. But just think about how long
we've been talking about black people
who want to vote can't get ID. And now
how long we've talked about um divorced
or unmarried
women not being able to get ID. And yet
not one
example. Not not one
example. Now how hard is it to find one
example of
anything? you you could almost, you
know, throw a dart at all the issues in
the world and you would almost certainly
find one
person who represents the point you're
making, even if it's not representative
of the whole. You can always find
one, but they can't find
one. And and their base hasn't noticed.
some other base hasn't noticed that this
is the only topic of all time, the only
topic where you can't find one in the
whole country. So, that's just funny to
me. Here is some controversial move
Trump's making. So, uh, allegedly, this
hasn't hasn't happened yet, but I think
CNN is reporting this that, uh, the
Trump administration is going to make
big cuts to the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration,
uh, that would allegedly, we don't know
that this is true yet. It's so far this
is rumored um rumored based on documents
but rumored uh that they would close all
weather and climate labs and eviscerate
the budget along with several Noah you
know NOAA
offices and uh the plan would cut the
overall Noah budget by
27% a bunch of functions would be rolled
into other other u groups but they would
go hard at the research office, cutting
the research office by roughly
75%.
Um, now here's the
context, which CNN of course will leave
out. If what Noah was doing was
essential work and good
science, this sounds like it'd be a very
bad idea because they would be doing a
bunch of essential science. They'd be
warning us about climate change. uh we
know what to do. We know how fast it's
coming. We'd have a good sense of
it. But probably all the climate change
stuff was
fake. So it looks like Trump is just
saying just get rid of everything that's
fake and anything that looks useful and
real, we'll just keep it, but maybe it's
under different departments or
something.
So the big question is how fake was the
science all along? My own
opinion is that the the climate models
have always been fake and that uh
everything that went into supporting
them must have also been about equally
fake. So I can't prove that. But I can
tell you that there's no such thing as
predicting the future 80 years in
advance with a multivariable
model. That's not a thing. Never will be
a thing. Even AI can't do it.
Well, I keep hearing uh MSNBC carping on
Peter
Navaro for what they say um was he would
refer to what they call a fictional
expert in several of his books. So, he's
written several books
including trade with China and related
topics. And uh this fictional character
which we now know is not real was called
Ron Vara which is an anagram of Navaro's
own last name. And he would he would
refer to the expert to bolster the
opinions that he was saying in the book
and the expert was allegedly a Harvard
trained
economist which I believe is what Peter
Navaro is. So he was basically referring
to himself
uh as the expert. Now the first time I
heard it, I thought it doesn't sound
real. So I ignored it. But it's getting
a lot of
legs. And so I went to Grock and I said,
"Is this real? Did Peter Navaro really
uh use a an expert that was just himself
and then he wrote it in books about it?"
Well, here's the first thing you need to
know that uh Navaro completely admits
it. So, it is real. Uh he did refer to
somebody called Ron Varo. It was not a
real person. It was just Peter Navaro
essentially referring to himself. But he
said that he used it as a
uh he used it as a uh what do you call
it? He admitted to creating this
character as a whimsical device for
entertainment, not as a factual source.
So I said to
myself, I guess we have to figure out
what expert means. Does expert mean that
he has data and that he's analyzed
something or is expert being overused?
In other words,
did did Peter Navaro call him an expert?
because if he did that would seem kind
of damning, wouldn't it? But then I went
to Grock and I said, "Can you give me an
example of what this um what this
alleged fake character Ron Vera said in
one of the books?" So, one of the books
was Death by China 2011. And this is the
fake quote from the fake person Ron
Vara. quote, "Only the Chinese can turn
a leather sofa into an acid bath, a baby
formula into a poison, a drywall into a
saroma gas, and a pet food into a lethal
cocktail." So, the quotes were about
Chinese products that were unsafe for
consumers. Now, how much of that is
expert? Not really any of it.
Not really any of it because it's just
sort of a whimsical way to say the same
thing that Peter Navaro was saying. So
Navaro probably had some data about
these very products probably referred to
the data but then when he wanted to kind
of cleverly sum them up he just had his
counter his other character do the
summing up so it sounded like somebody
else was saying it. Now, that's not
really any
expertise. Now, do I approve of this?
No. No. I I don't think this was the
best way to go about it, but it didn't
sound like
expertise. So, as soon as MSNBC says
it's like expertise, none of this
changed his
opinions. None of it had a bearing on
his main points. It was just a clever
way to sum them up. Now, I haven't seen
all the examples, so maybe there's some
example that's more
damning, but um I just think it's kind
of funny that he would have a whimsical
character that's clearly he's not trying
to hide it too hard because if you name
the character an anagram of your own
last name, it wasn't that hard to spot.
So it it does it does give me the uh the
impression that he thought it was funny
uh and like a useful you know author
tool uh that but rather than trying to
pass it off as real expertise. So you
can have your own opinion about
that. So Jack Dorsey and Elon Musk
appeared to agree on on the Xplatform
uh yesterday and what they agreed on was
ending IP laws. So intellectual
property. So instead of fighting about
the intellectual property all the time
which is you know an enormous resource
of well uses a lot of resources. Um,
Dorsey and Musk both seem to agree
that we might be better off if we got
rid of all intellectual property. Now, I
believe Tesla's done some some of that.
Uh, I believe they made some of their
technology available to others, but I
would say where you are depends on how
much you think that's a good idea. If it
includes copyright, I don't know if it
does. they might be thinking more about
products, but if it includes artistic
stuff,
um, I don't think any artist would work
anymore. I mean, I I can't imagine
creating a book that's immediately
available from 25 other sources the day
it's published. Oh, wait. That's the
exact current
situation because uh, China rips off any
book that looks like it's going to do
well, they do it immediately. So if I
publish a new book tomorrow, there will
be 10 Chinese versions of it almost the
same time and consumers won't know the
difference. So we we have an enormous IP
problem with creative stuff. If this
were the baseline and I were not already
successful, I wouldn't even think of
going into cartooning. It wouldn't make
any sense at all. I definitely wouldn't
write a book. And those are the things
I've had the most success with and have
created the most value. So I think if
you have a
dominant car company that is so good at
manufacturing that nobody can catch up,
you can just tell them what you're
doing. Then they just they'll never
catch up. Here's my IP. Good luck. Now,
do you think that Elon Musk will give
away his
um AI that drives that drives the
self-driving
cars? Do you think that would be on the
list of things he would give away for
free? It's the most valuable thing he
has. What about whatever is going to
drive his robots? Do you think he wants
to give that away for free? I could be
wrong, but it seems to me that that
would take the value of his robots from
a trillion dollars to a billion dollars.
Is that what he has in mind to give up a
trillion
dollars? I don't know. So, I think the
whole uh getting rid of the IP might be
something that people who are already
billionaires say
uh because they already made their
money. I I just don't know how real that
is or how limited it would be if they
had if they got their way. I do
understand why the IP is an enormous
problem to innovation because if you're
trying to invent anything in
America, as soon as you put it out,
you're going to get sued because there's
somebody who
has some kind of IP that that it
interferes with. So, there must be some
middle ground. According to the Daily
Mail, there used to be in 1994 a top
secret plan to turn soldiers gay, but
not our own soldiers. There was going to
be a a gay
bomb that was a filled with chemical
aphrodesiacs that they would drop on
enemy soldiers to make them irresistibly
attracted to one another.
Now, the the plan was ultimately
scrapped, but apparently it was
seriously considered that they would
drop some chemicals on the enemies and
the enemies would just start, I don't
know, giving each other hand jobs
instead of firing guns and then they
could just overrun their positions when
they were
exhausted. So, I like that outside the
box thinking. Get it? Outside the box.
Never mind.
Um so Trump uh has a plan according to
the Financial Times
um to stockpile deep sea critical
minerals to counter China. So apparently
um there are just nodules on the bottom
of the ocean that are filled with stuff
rare earth stuff like uh things we need
for batteries. Uh which ones? So they've
got uh they've got nickel and cobalt and
copper and manganesees in them. Of
course, we need a lot more rare earth
stuff than that, but those would be ones
that are especially good for batteries
and electrical wiring and
munitions. So Trump's going to start
stockpiling that. Um that wouldn't get
us to the point where we could instantly
produce it on our own. We'd still need
to be able to process it. So the whole
how do you process this stuff needs to
get solved. But seems like a good idea.
I I feel like if if we're not putting
our entire shoulders into making sure
that uh you know we have pharmaceuticals
and rare earth materials and and China
can't completely turn us off. Um I feel
like that's the right
direction and maybe we need to do a lot
more. All right, ladies and gentlemen,
that's my show for today. I know it was
amazing, but not as amazing as the
afterparty will be with Owen Gregorian.
That'll start in a few minutes. Um, and
it will be on spaces on the Xplatform.
Just search for Owen Gregorian or you
can search for me and you'll see that I
reposted it so you can see the link to
it. Um, I'm going to uh just say a very
quick word to my local subscribers, but
then I'm going to let them be free to go
find Owen's spaces. Okay, so that won't
take long, and it will only
involve a sip or so. All right,
everybody else. I'll see you tomorrow,
same time, same place. And