Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human
brains, well, all you need for that is a
copper mug or a glass of tanker gels or
dine in a canteen jug or flask, a vessel
of any kind. Fill it with your favorite
liquid. I like coffee. And join me now
for the unparalleled pleasure, the
dopamine hit of the day, the thing that
makes everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. It's going to happen
right now.
Go.
Extraordinary. So
good. Well, I don't know if you uh
caught it last night, but last night was
the Met Gala. The Met Gala. Would you
like to hear everything that you missed
at the Met
Gala? Um, here's everything you
missed. Uh, a bunch of
weirdos wearing unusual
clothing. That's about it. Weirdos with
unusual clothing. Uh, I guess Cabera
showed up because she was happy to be a
weirdo with unusual clothing. Good for
her.
Well, according to Nature, uh, the
publication nature, people who don't
need much sleep, it's probably because
of a genetic
difference. Now, I think they could have
just asked me, what else would it
be? What what possible other reason
would it be if some people don't need as
much sleep as other people? It's got to
be a genetic difference, right? So, I'm
not sure they needed to do that
research. Next time, just ask me. I'll
tell you. Nope. Don't need to do
it. Well, this is kind of fun.
Um so PTSD patients were being studied
at the University of Texas Dallas and
they did a test where they um give them
therapy to stimulate their vag
nerve. Now if I were smarter I'd tell
you where your Vegas nerve is. It's
somewhere in your
body. But I know if you stimulate it
just right, uh, it makes you feel
relaxed. But here's the amazing
thing that, uh, it seems to have
cured in a fairly lasting way 100% of
the people with PTSD that they studied
and it lasted for months. I guess you
would have to redo it after a while, but
uh, this is more to my point that your
body is your brain. If you think, hey,
what do I what do I do about my
PTSD? Normally, you would think, well,
there's some kind of mental thing that
has to be
done, but not necessarily because you
can stimulate the vagus nerve apparently
and that will change how you think about
things and your
PTSD will allegedly go
away. 100% loss of
diagnosis. That's pretty That's pretty
amazing. That doesn't surprise me a bit
actually that it was smart for them to
even try that that test. According to
the Daily Mail, uh there there was a
survey and they found that women are
more attracted to bald
men. Uh I believe this survey was done
by the National Association of Bald Men
who can't get
dates. Uh but they know that I made that
part up. But I I'm not sure I believe
this. 2,000 women were asked to rank the
things that they wanted, you know, the
things that attracted the most. A
muscular physique was found to be number
one. That's what women
wanted. A bald head was second and blue
eyes were third.
Well, but if you went on a dating
profile, there would be zero people
asking for bald
heads. They would ask you for
height. It It's height every time. So,
no, this is
ridiculous. So, even though the National
Association of Bald Guys uh because they
got blue eyes is third.
So, I'm either the sexiest person I know
or this science is not too
dependable. Um, would you like to hear
the least surprising
news? Least surprising news. Let's see
if I can accomplish this. The least
surprising news is that former first
lady Michelle Obama
um revealed on her podcast that she's in
therapy.
If you saw her podcast, would you have
any question whether she was in
therapy? She looks like the most I'm in
therapy person you've ever met in your
life. But she says she's uh just doing
it to tune up for the next phase of her
life, which totally does not involve
divorce.
So, she wants you to know divorce is a
rumor, but she's going to tune up with
their therapists.
Well, Open AI as you know um you know
the story between Open AI Chad GPT but
Open AI was originally funded heavily by
Elon Musk who believed he was funding a
nonprofit and then Sam Alman and
Microsoft figured out hey we should make
this a profit and then uh Elon Musk was
suing them for changing it from a
nonprofit to a profit. And now they've
got a new plan. Their new proposed plan
from OpenAI is that they would have a
non nonprofit parent company that would
control the for-profit business and then
the nonprofit part would be the major
shareholder of the for-profit business.
What did uh Elon Musk think of that
plan? Still suing him. I'm not even sure
what that buys them. Why Why would he
even do that? What's What's the benefit
of that? I don't even understand it. All
right. But I guess they'll work that out
in
court. According to Futurism, the
publication Futurism,
uh the AI industry has a problem with a
huge problem, they say, um with AI
hallucinating more. I was under the
impression that AI was hallucinating
less because it keeps getting
better. But apparently it's
hallucinating more instead of less. So
the more they train it and the smarter
it gets, the more it just makes
up. Now I would say that's a pretty big
problem. And the uh the AI experts
um don't know
why. Now imagine that you've created
this technology, you know, this amazing
technology AI and it hallucinates and
you don't understand the technology well
enough to know why it does that. Isn't
that isn't that a little bit
scary that it's already smarter than us
in a way that we can't even comprehend
what how it thinks or why? Well, I guess
we know why, but not
how. So that's going to be kind of uh
scary. So New York Times was reporting
on that. So some people, not everybody,
think that uh maybe these models have
reached their limits and maybe maybe
they don't get much better after this
cuz they've trained on everything you
can train on and then what's left is
synthetic training material which is
kind of artificial.
So maybe that's where the extra
hallucinations come from. I don't know.
But uh be
careful. And then also from futurism,
apparently the users of chat GBT are
developing bizarre
delusions. So I guess the people who
were not mentally completely stable in
the first place are getting worse by
talking to AI. uh and they're they're
getting
uh it may be driving countless of its
users into a dangerous state of chat GPT
induced
psychosis. So, Rolling Stones, Rolling
Stone is reporting that users on Reddit
are sharing how AI has led their loved
ones to embrace uh alarming
delusions, often mixing spiritual mania
and
supernatural
fantasies. Now, I'm not too surprised
because it seems like it'd be the kind
of technology that would make people
more of what they already are. So if you
were, you know, a really good
scientist, AI probably helps you makes
you a better scientist. If you're a
really good programmer, AI probably just
makes your job better and faster and
easier. But if you're a little
delusional to begin with, I could kind
of see how it would help you get more
delusional, you know, depending on how
you interacted with
it. So keep an eye on that. We'll see if
AI is making people crazy or
crazier.
Well, you know, you probably have always
wanted the the simultaneous swaddle
plaid blanket that I sometimes use on
the show. You know the one? It's the one
It's the one behind me on the chair. The
plaid blanket. Well, if you wanted your
own plaid blanket for the simultaneous
swaddle, if things get bad with the
economy and the tariffs, you might need
one. And it is now available. Um the the
URL is unwieldy.
So, your best way to find it would be to
go to uh the X platform and I've pinned
the uh I I've pinned the link in my at
the top of my feed. So, just go to Scott
Adams says and look for it at the top of
the feed. Um, I was going to tell you
you could just Google coffee with Scott
Adams
merchandise, but it turns out that I
don't know if it's China or who it is,
but there are a bunch of fake Coffee
with Scott Adams merchandise
now. So, Sofa is just, you know,
knockoffs. I don't know who would knock
off this. I don't even make money from
it, you know. I'm not I'm not part of
the uh of the income stream, you know,
it's just something we do for fun
because people want it. I think the only
people who make money are the people who
make the actual product. Uh
but but apparently that was enough for a
bunch of counterfeits to create pirated
versions. So I had no idea how many
pirated things about me there were on
the internet. So
anyway, that's how you find it and then
you can get your very own swaddle
blanket. Well, Mike Johnson uh says he's
uh he's going to get really close to
having the the new budget bill, the big
beautiful bill, marked up and ready for
voting by Memorial Day or soon after.
And uh the budget bill will include tax
cuts, a defense spending increase, and
more border
security. In other
words, they're just going to kick the
can down the road on the deficit. Doge
didn't make any
difference. Doge didn't make any
difference.
And apparently, they're not willing to
cut anything that would be painful.
So, we're
doomed. It It's really weird to watch
your government matterofactly destroy
the country. We really can't survive the
deficit. If they just pretend like it
doesn't exist and they just do another
budget that's just a little bit more
than the last one, we're sort of all
dead.
And I don't even know what to say about
that. I mean, I kind of hope it gets
turned down so that somebody says,
"Look, just cut 10% away from everything
and make it
work." All right. Well, I don't know if
that would work, but better figure
something
out. MSNBC had to do a little correction
online. Uh they allowed one of their
guests to say without any information on
this
whatsoever.
Um somebody somebody said that Cash
Patel was spending more time partying at
nightclubs than working in the office
and even MSNBC was embarrassed by that
because there's no evidence of that
whatsoever. And so they just said uh we
let somebody say that on the air but
there's no evidence of that whatsoever.
So, I'm pretty sure Cash Patel is
spending more time in the office than
partying. Meanwhile, this is the
weirdest little story. I I had to keep
looking at it to see if I could
understand it, and I'm not sure I do.
But if uh so there's a nominee for the
US attorney for
DC and that seems like an important one
because whoever the US attorney is for
DC is going to affect the politicians
who are there and Ed Martin is the uh
temporary person doing that job but now
he's up for nominee and according to
Breitbart and other sources and if you
ask me to explain Why this is true? It
has something to do with the weird
situation of the District of
Columbia. So the District of Columbia is
not a
state. So it so has its own rules. But
apparently if if Ed Martin doesn't get
the votes to be confirmed and Senator
Tom Tillis says he's withholding
support, so he might not be. um that it
falls to a judge and they believe it
would go to Judge Boseberg who would
choose on his own without anybody else's
input could choose whoever he wanted to
fill the rule the role he might even
pick special counsel Jack
Smith. So Boseberg, the the most
anti-Trump
judge would be the
backup. And why? I don't know. Something
to do with what DC is
organized. But just think about that. So
Trump's got his guy Ed Martin who is
exactly who he wants on the job. But
instead, Jug, if they don't pass it,
Boseberg might just appoint somebody and
it could be like the worst person in the
world. Oh my god, how's that even
possible? Anyway, um over in
Switzerland, there's some big protest
against Trump and uh a lot of the
protesters were wearing these cool
looking hats that look like a big hand
giving the finger.
I kind of want one of those hats. But um
and then uh Antifa is back and I guess
they're in Seattle and Washington and
you know they're starting to get active
again. And I saw a post by BJ Dictor
saying that by the way I probably
mispronounced his name every time. Um
but he was he said none of these
protests around the world are organic.
This is largecale professional work.
Definitely the protest where everybody
had a giant hand giving the finger. That
was very professional work. That was not
any kind of grassroots spontaneous
anything. And I'm not sure if we ever
have those. Uh I don't know if there's
ever a spontaneous
grassroots protest.
Um, I'm pretty sure that
uh anything that looks like it's big, I
I think that's all just billionaires
buying
people. So, this summer is going to be
wild. I would expect this summer you
would have all these fake protests. So,
it's going to be the summer of fake
protests just like BLM and all the rest.
Well, according to RFK Jr. F
Every time I hear a news story about
Anthony Fouchy, it just sounds worse and
worse, but it never ends. Have you
noticed that? So, the Fouchy
stories, maybe they started out being
incorrect and maybe they're trending
toward correct. I don't know. But I've
heard so many versions of what he did
and why it was bad that I just don't
know what to believe anymore. But here
is a story.
Um, I'll just read it to you that RF I
think RFK Jr. was saying this. Anthony
Fouchy began essentially restarted the
arms race and the boweapons arms race
and did it under the pretension of
developing vaccines because it's the
same science that you develop bioweapons
and vaccines. In 2014, three of his bugs
escaped and 300 scientists wrote letters
to President Obama asking him to shut
down Anthony
Fouchy. Now, how much of this have you
heard before? President Obama declared a
moratorum, but instead of shutting down
his experiments, he moved them offshore,
mainly to the Wuhan lab.
The principal institutions of our
government, the CIA, the FBI, and the
State Department, Department of Energy,
all say that is most likely that those
experiments resulted in the CO 19
pandemic in 2019. So Fox News was
reporting on
this. Now, does that sound
right? I was listening
to somebody who I can't remember. Was it
the CIA guy,
John John Kraka Toa? I don't know what
his last name is. Uh there was somebody
I saw who sounded like they knew what
they were talking about who suggested
that the uh the co virus escaped from
some
American collegia lab or something. So
do you believe we know anything about
anything?
It's like this co story just keeps
changing every day. It's like it's like
they just shake the box and then you
know then there's a new story then shake
the box new story. I don't know what to
believe. All right. So, if you've ever
had a bad day where you went to work and
you tried to get something done and it
didn't work
out, compare yourself to this bad day.
So, John
Voit, uh, actor John Voit, um,
apparently he's,
uh, he has some kind of role as, I don't
know, ambassador to Hollywood or
something for President Trump. So he met
with Trump recently to discuss how all
the filmmakers were leaving uh the US
and doing stuff in other countries. So
what he wanted was to get some tax
breaks from Trump to
uh to bring back the movies to the
United States because it's the tax
breaks that make the most difference.
And instead of giving them tax
breaks, Trump proposed 100% tariffs on
imported
movies. So instead of giving them tax
breaks, he made them cost twice as much
if they make them overseas. And there's
there's not
really they can't really make them
domestically affordably. So now they
can't make them affordably overseas. And
they can't make them affordably
domestically. So nobody So
nobody so nobody can make any movies at
all. Good work, John
Voit.
Oh, and you know, part of me says, I'm
seeing in the comments some of you
saying good. Uh, I'm not sure why we
would give tax credits to the movies
that I've been seeing lately. It's just
all woke It's just guy tied to
a chair, car chase scene, little CGI,
bunch of people get shot. Um, and then
there's a bunch of woke stuff. Like, why
why do we even need any more of
that? But but I feel bad for John Voit.
He got exactly the opposite of what he
wanted. Destroyed the entire movie
business. Oh, that's a bad day.
Anyway, I was listening to uh General
Flynn
uh on Ax. I saw a video of him talking
about the Diddy trials and he thinks the
uh Pete Diddy trial which has already
started is going to implicate musicians,
sports players, politicians and the
media. Um and Flynn thinks that Diddy is
going to try to reduce whatever his own
risk is by giving up other people. What
do you think about that?
Do you think that Diddy can get any kind
of relief from his own legal problems by
giving up even bigger
fish? I don't think
so. I I think he realizes if he gives up
people, he'll be killed in jail pretty
quickly. So, I'm going to I'm going to
say the opposite of General Flynn's
prediction. I think Diddy won't give up
anybody. Now, there may be plenty people
revealed by the, you know, the videos
and the documentation that the
prosecutors get, but I think Diddy is
not going to
snitch. I think he's got too much at
risk. We'll see.
Well, I was when I first heard that
Trump has suggested using al Alcatraz
for, you know, our worst criminals and
maybe some of the uh migrants. I thought
to myself, that's a terrible idea that
will never work. It's way too expensive
and, you know, hard to do. And then I
saw a number of other people, some of
them I think I influenced, saying that
it was a a brilliant move.
And I'm a little bit persuaded by that.
So, here's the brilliant part of it.
Whether it ever happens or not, and I'm
going to guess not, because I think the
economics of it don't make sense
compared to just building your own
facility, the the
uh I guess the since everybody knows
where Alcatraz is and we know it's the
scariest, you know, secure prison.
When Trump aligns himself with something
like
Alcatraz for where he wants to put the
worst prisoners, it sends this message
that he's the the anti-rime guy, tough
on, you know, migrant crime and all
that. And that's probably all he needs.
He he just wants to reinforce that, you
know, he's the baddest of the bad. And
um whether this particular idea of using
Alcatraz ever comes to fruition, I don't
know. I'm going to bet against it. But
it it keeps the uh the media spinning
away on something that can't be too bad
for him. You know, they'll say it might
be expensive, like I'm saying, but
they're still going to associate the
idea of using Alcatraz with Trump, which
is all good for Trump.
So, um, I'm going to flip my, uh, my
opinion from when I first heard it, I
just thought it
was just not useful to even bring that
up, but now I think it might be. It It's
just yet again another thing to keep the
media spinning about something, even if
it never happens. And, uh, it's good for
his brand.
Um, very similar to when he when he uh
when Trump was putting out the image of
himself as the pope and somebody asked
him in one of his pressers, you know, do
you think it offended people? And Trump
just said, "No, no, you know, it's just
a joke basically." But here's my
take. How many young men were offended
by the image of Trump as the pope?
I'm going to guess
none. Probably none. Now, there might
have been some older people. There might
have been some women who were, you know,
maybe a little tweaked by it. But I'll
bet you the base, you know, the the
Trump base, they all understand what
he's doing. They understand it's just
for fun. They understand that if it
makes people complain, it's even more
fun.
And certainly there's probably no I
don't think there's a 25year-old man in
existence who wouldn't just think that
was funny and would not be offended. I
mean there can't there can't be more
than three in the country. So I think he
won with that. That was a good play.
According to the
postmillennial, there's some
conversations about the US and Rwanda
working together and Rwanda might be
willing to take in our deported illegal
immigrants. So instead of deporting them
back to their country of
origin, if there's some reason we can't
do that, they would be reported they
would be deported to
Rwanda. I can't think of a worse place
to be deported to, can you? If you just
said, "If you come to America, we might
deport you to
Rwanda." I would immediately cancel all
my plans to do anything
illegal cuz he cuz even if you escape
from your prison, you'd still be in
Rwanda. So, that's a pretty scary one. I
don't know if this will come to pass.
Well,
Axios is uh telling us that some people
are warning that the MAGA movement is
becoming MAGA
Mauoism as in Chairman Mao. I guess they
got tired of the whole Hitler thing. It
wasn't
working. So, they needed another
dictator. So, they're going with
Chairman Mao. And here's why. Here's why
it's like Mao. Um, the MAGA movement is
it demands ideological purity. Does it?
I don't know that it really does. Uh,
glorifies economic
sacrifice. Not really. It's just that we
have to do it in the in the tariff
situation probably. And embraces state
power as a means to reshape society.
Well, we do like having a strong
executive who can do some executive
orders. And
uh so that's enough for the uh
critics to call it a mega mauism. To
which I
say, nice try,
lefties. Do how many people know what
Mauism even is?
about the same number that know what an
oligarch
is. I is the Democrat party just nothing
but bad ideas strung together one after
another. The best they could come up
with because you're Hitler wasn't
working was you're an oligarch followed
by mega mauism that almost nobody even
knows what that
is. So good
job. Uh I saw on
MSNBC that one of their uh commentators
Claire McCascal
uh she said that quote I predict that
he's she's talking about the tariffs the
trade war. She said I predict that this
will go down as the biggest act of
political suicide ever committed by a
president of the United States this
whole trade war. to which I say, "Oh,
I've never been more confident that the
that the trade stuff would work out."
Because if Clare McCascal is sure it's
not going to
work, and uh I don't believe she's an
economist,
um then I'm feeling pretty good about
it. But here's my question. What What
does she think is going to
happen? Does she think that we won't
negotiate any favorable trade deals?
None. Not
one. It seems to me the most likely
scenario is that in a month or so we'll
start rolling out trade deals. You know,
there might be just the frameworks, not
the signed signed document. But that's
all you need. You just need to tell the
country, "Oh, we got this worked out.
Um, we got to deal with Japan. We got to
deal with South Korea." And the news is
going to have to cover every one of
them. They're gonna have to cover every
one of them. And it's all going to look
like good news. Now, it might be, you
know, not that much of a improvement,
but it'll be spun by the Trump
administration as big
improvements. So, I feel like this might
be one of the most successful economic
things that the country's ever
done. We don't know. I mean, it's too
soon. And whatever happens with China
makes a big difference. But I I think
it's
6040 that it's a home
run. 6040. 40. There's a 40% chance that
the things go in the wrong
direction. You know, a good 40% chance.
And that's why you need the simultaneous
swaddle blanket that I mentioned
earlier.
But 60% chance it might be just the
smartest thing a president ever did.
60%. That's my That's my
prediction. Well, here's a story that uh
you always mock me for. According to the
Wall Street Journal, uh the Gen Zers,
uh are tending to want to live in
facilities, apartment facilities that
have a whole bunch of amenities like
pools and fitness centers and co-working
spaces and social lounges and pet salons
and um and and you rent the place and it
even comes with dishes,
uh bath mats. Basically, you just move
in. Now, they're not very big. They're,
you know, usually for one
person, but the uh the people living
there just love it because it's got
everything they want and it creates kind
of a community. Now, how many times have
I told you that if we could reproduce
what my college experience was in the
dormitories, it would be an amazing
living experience. Well, that's what
this is. It's basically just an upgraded
dormatory experience where everything
you need is on
campus and it allows you to have natural
interaction with other people who live
there. you know, if you go to the pool
or you go to the gym, you could run into
people um who your same age and
everything and the the space itself is
not very big, but you didn't need much.
You had a good view, you know, big
windows, so you got it doesn't feel like
it's cramped because you got a good view
from your apartment and uh you never
have to leave even if you have an
animal. So, I think there'll be more of
this.
I don't know if it's going to help
reproduction, but
um that's another problem. Well, you
probably heard that the Newark
airport had a uh 30 minute outage of
their uh in the control tower and there
was no radar, no radio and nobody knew
what the problem was. Can you
imagine being in an airplane coming to
the New York airport and they lose all
signal and you don't know why and you
don't know how long it's going to last
because you don't know
why. I I can't think of anything that
would be scarier than that. And
apparently a number of the staff were so
stressed that they had to go on trauma
leave. And I totally get that. you know,
the the staff of the tower because they
probably thought to themselves, if we
don't know how long this is going to go
on, we might see half of the planes up
there run out of gas or run out of fuel
or start crashing into things. Now, I
saw on
uh I think it was Fox News um Secretary
Duffy who was saying that it wasn't as
dangerous as it looked. Now, partly
because it was only half an hour.
Um, and but again, if you didn't know
what the problem was, you didn't know in
advance it was only going to be half an
hour. So, you can imagine how scary that
would be. But, but apparently the modern
airplanes all know where the other
airplanes are. So, there wasn't much
chance they were going to run into each
other. There definitely was a chance
they would run out of fuel if if it went
longer. So, this is super scary, but
maybe it'll light a fire under uh people
who need to fix
it. Well, the bank uh credit Swiss
uh got in trouble again from the uh IRS
for for uh helping rich Americans hide
their
uh basically on taxes. Now, apparently
this isn't the first time they've been
caught doing that. They already paid
$2.6 billion dollars back in 2014 for
the same thing. So they they lose a
case which is they're accused of helping
rich Americans basically cheat on
taxes and they pay this gigantic fine
2.6
billion and then they just went back to
doing
it and they got caught
again. Uh unbelievable.
Anyway, um, so apparently there were it
included stuff like fake donations,
forged records, and secret Singapore
accounts. It's it's pretty illegal. It
wasn't It wasn't just a little bit
illegal. It was just flatout
crime. And they just did it twice. Got
caught
twice. Do you remember? uh might have
been yesterday or the day
before I mentioned that Federman said
something that looked out of
character and what he said was he was
talking about Iran and he said uh quote
uh we cannot negotiate with Iran. It's
time to destroy their nuclear program
and neutralize the remaining
capabilities of its proxies. I remain
steadfast with Israel. Provide whatever
is necessary to carry this out. Now, it
seemed to me that that
was sort of not very fedmanlike or not
very
politician-like. The politician way to
say that would be more like, you know,
we're running in we're getting to the
end of our patience and if negotiating
doesn't work, we'll have to, you know,
we'll have to turn to something harder.
You know, usually you you put the threat
out there. there's nothing wrong with a
threat, but usually you couch it with,
you know, something that doesn't sound
as directly we're going to go bomb you.
And I thought to myself there was there
was something unusual about it. But
turns out there's a little bit more to
the story.
So, uh, in people who have worked with
Federman are claiming that he's got some
mental
problems, or we could call them health
problems. He's been accused of being
depressed, sometimes catatonic,
uh, of course, he's the the Democrats
think he's a little too conservative,
um, and supporting Israel. And I guess
they've got a problem with that, some of
them. and they say his behavior was
volatile and um and his aids, this is
all alleged by the way, we don't know
how true this is, but the aids noticed
last year he was taking a turn for the
worst worse.
Um, and then, uh, the former chief of
staff to Fedman,
uh, was so alarmed with his ex- boss's
erratic behavior last year that he wrote
a lengthy letter to his doctor uh,
warning that Fedman was spiraling out of
control.
Now, Fedman said, you know, in response
to all that, um, basically his actual
doctors say he's fine, and these are
disgruntled former
staffers. Have you ever noticed it's
always disgruntled former
staffers?
So, I don't know.
Um, but I did notice, you know, I I
think you could be my witness that I did
notice there was something odd about his
uh statement
about Israel and Iran. It just seemed
seemed a little bit out of character or
something.
So I I worry about him. Yeah, I guess I
would be concerned for his his health as
well as the countries, but uh yeah, that
looked uh I think there's something
there. I hope not. And and when he says,
"My actual doctors say I'm fine and it's
a bunch of disgruntled people," that's a
pretty good defense. That's a pretty
good defense. So, I wouldn't say he's
definitely losing it, but uh
sort of a coin toss. I think I keep an
eye on him, see if anything else comes
up. Do you you probably heard in the
news that uh when Trump was asked about
the tariffs in China and all that.
Um he he talked about some kids having
too many dolls.
He said about American children uh do
not need as many toys and that Americans
do not need to spend as much money on
junk we don't need. Uh quote, I'm just
saying they don't need to have 30 dolls.
They can have three. They don't need to
have 250 pencils. They can have five.
Now, the way Trump talks, you know, I've
been saying this for eight years, I
guess, is that he's so visual, even when
he's just talking. See, you can see the
pencils and you can see the
dolls. He's just so good at that.
Um, and then I saw a Mike Cernovich uh
post where he was saying that uh, you
know, the news tried to make something
out of it. It's like, wait, why are you
telling us how many dolls we can have?
Why can't we have 30 dolls? You know,
they were trying to make something out
of it, but as uh Cerno said, uh, every
parent said to themselves, "Yeah, we got
too many dolls."
If you've ever had the experience of
having a a doll wanting kid, too many
dolls. Yeah. And and you don't need two.
You don't need 30 dolls. Five's good.
And I was trying to think um if you
don't count pharmaceuticals and some
electronics which are I think going to
be exempt from tariffs
anyway, what is it that I get from
China that I can't do
without? And I was I was trying to think
um
clothes. I mean, if I had to not buy any
new clothes for the next few months, it
would just be like the last few months
where I didn't buy any new clothes. I
don't really need any new clothes. I
mean, look at me. Do I look like the guy
who needs new clothes? Well, I look like
somebody who needs it. I just don't look
like somebody who's going to bother with
it.
And then I think, all right, if I were
to look at my Amazon
purchases, how many of those things if I
could not buy
them, would I really be in trouble? And
um it would be stuff like I bought a uh
um bought a what what do you call those
little uh door weights where you keep
your door
open? I didn't need to buy that. I could
have used a
rock. And and if I look down the list,
there are a few things that maybe had
some, you know, medical or business, you
know, application, but mostly, you know,
as long as I got I ordered print, yeah,
printer paper basically. Uh so I kind of
agree with them. I don't think there are
that many things that I can't go without
for a few months until they negotiate
the tariffs and figure it out.
So, I saw a uh this morning a video
Russell Brand talking about Kla Harris
and I feel like there's a seal that's
been broken now because here's what
Russell Brand said about Kla Harris. Um
he was responding to the fact that she's
leading in the polls for being the
president uh you know or being the
candidate next time. And uh so Russell
Brand was saying sarcastically, "America
can't get enough of Kla Harris. Sharp as
ever, beloved coast to coast, and
definitely not fueled by boxed wine.
That's why Democrats are considering
running her again. Genius move. Utterly
brilliant." And then he said,
"Definitely doesn't have a private
drinking problem."
Now, you've heard me say that a bunch of
times that it's just obvious she has a
drinking problem. I think you've heard
uh, you know, Greg Guffel make some some
witty references to it, but it's not
really something that's in the news. I
don't see any other podcasters talking
about it, but uh, he just broke the
seal. I mean, he broke it hard. Um, and
uh, that's what I like about
him because he's just telling you what
he sees. Did Tim Dylan say that on
Rogan? I see a reference to
that. Box. It's funnier when you say
boxed
wine. Anyway, uh Scott Galloway was on
the view recently and he was saying that
we need to redefine what it means to be
a man and redefine
masculinity. And he his argument was
that men need to defend and protect
uh including even the he used this
example even the trans community even if
you're not in favor of you know having
multiple bathrooms or men playing on
women's teams or whatever. Um, he said
that to be masculine and to be a man, we
need to redefine it as being protective
and
defending. Now, here's a little rule
that I like to use. If somebody's trying
to win an argument with a definition,
that's not an argument. You can't just
make up your own definition of something
and then say, "Well, there it is." No,
you would need to tell me why men should
be like this. And by the way, I don't
think this is even a little bit true.
It's definitely true that men defend the
things that they care about, such as
their family, their children, you know,
their their house, but it's not true
that men are just naturally
defenders. It might be just as true that
we're naturally killers.
When I think of what it means to be
masculine, I often think about the
impulse to kill because it it does does
set us apart that we're always ready to
kill. Now, we're usually ready to kill
in the in the service of defending and
protecting, you know, not we're not
serial killers
mostly, but just think about that rule.
Uh it's not so much about this topic,
but just think about this because you're
going to see it again. There's another
story coming up in which somebody tried
to win an argument with a definition. If
you're trying to sell your definition,
that's not an argument. The other place
this happens is with
abortion. If if your argument is it's a
life, well, that's a definition. It's
not an argument.
So, I mean, I'm not I'm not disagreeing
or agreeing. So, my view is I shouldn't
weigh in on abortion at all. Uh, let
women figure that out. That's my
preference. But you can't win an
argument with a definition. That's just
not how anything
works. All right, keep that in mind.
We're going to circle back to
that. On
CNBC, I saw FCC Chair Brendan Carr. He
was asked about these big mergers that
are being considered. There's this media
and telecom mergers. And I guess the FCC
has to approve these big mergers if
they're uh in their domain. And uh he
was asked, would you potentially block a
merger deal because of the DEI DEI
policy of the companies? And he said,
yeah, of course. I told everybody that
if they want to get a deal done uh
before the FCC, they need to get rid of
any invidious forms of
discrimination. I kind of like
that, Brendan Carr. Good job. Because
there are some really big multibillion
dollar mergers that are being considered
right now and that is a real big lever.
Well, you can do your multibillion
dollar deal, but you're going to have to
get rid of your
DEI. So, we'll see if that makes a
difference. Well, according to
uh let's see, according to who?
Um, according to some partially
declassified intelligence memos from the
US,
um, Venezuelan government and Nicholas
Maduro probably is not directing the
trend or gang members in the United
States. Probably not. Now, the argument
is that the gang members are, you know,
small cells and they do relatively small
crimes. They're not doing like big
terrorist events and they're low-skilled
criminal activities and they're sort of
decentralized. So that there's no such
thing as Maduro somehow controlling it
like it's some really wellorganized
machine because it's not an organized
machine. It's a it's just a bunch of
people doing a bunch of stuff and having
similar tattoos it sounds like. So you
can believe that or not. I'm not sure if
that means it's true. I do think that
that still leaves open the possibility
that Maduro was intentionally
uh making sure that that group of people
got to the United States. So, it doesn't
mean that he's controlling them once
they get here, but he might have been
part of the process that made it easier
for them to get here. I don't know about
that yet.
Well, here's some uh fake
news that's close to real news. Um you
saw that uh or maybe you heard that
Israel is going to take control of Gaza.
Um now Jenk uh
Waguer was calling that basically
depopulating Gaza and you know just
making it an Israeli settlement. Now I
don't think that that's been announced.
It might actually happen, but I don't
think that the plan at the moment, at
least the public plan, is to get rid of
all the residents. I think they might
need to move them to safer places to
give them, you know, u uh food and other
aid. So, we don't know if that's
temporary or not, but uh but Jenko was
arguing that if that's
true, that if they're removing them,
that that's a genocide by
definition. And there's that definition
thing
again. If you're going to allow the
entire argument to be built on somebody
else's definition of a word, that's not
really an
argument. That that's just
trying. All it is is trying to win a
point by getting somebody to agree to
your definition of a
word. Now,
um, and I'm not saying it's that he's
right or he's wrong. I'm just saying
that the the definition approach is
never is never based on logic. It's just
trying to win with the definition.
So, but I asked this question on uh um
on his post. I didn't see an answer to
it. I said, 'What's the alternative for
Israel? So, what are they supposed to
do? And again, I'm not backing Israel or
supporting them. I'm just observing and
asking the question, if you think that
you don't want Israel to do what they're
doing, and I could see why, you know, I
could see why you'd say, "No, it's too
brutal." and you know blah blah blah.
There's lots of reasons and I wouldn't
argue with any of the reasons. But if
you don't think they should be doing
this, which is taking full control of
Gaza and probably in the long
run, you know, having well, who knows
what the long run is, but if if you if
you don't like that, what exactly do you
think should be
done? Because if they just let the
people back in, let's say they killed
everybody who was definitely Hamas and
they only let back in the the
citizens, do you think that that would
keep Hamas from reconstituting? I don't
see how it could because they could
sneak in. Um the young people could get
older and communicate with people on the
outside and get radical radicalized. I
feel like Hamas would just
reconstitute. So the one thing that
Israel probably can't allow to happen is
for Hamas to
reconstitute. So what exactly should
they do? If if all they do is just let
everybody move back after they clean it
up, you just have the same problem
again. It would be a giant waste of
time. You'd be right back where you
were. So nobody wanted to answer that
question. Instead, people wanted to
change the subject. You You would be
amazed at all the subject changers.
Well, but what about
Armenia? What about Armenia? Answer my
question. So, watch this for your own
entertainment. Then, nobody has a better
idea, but they might have a strong
opinion that Israel should not be doing
what it's doing. Again, I'm not
supporting Israel.
I'm just observing. And what I observe
is I don't see anybody suggesting
another plan. So what's going to happen
if there's only one
plan? I know you could predict that one
pretty
easily. And I saw Trump was asked about
it. I guess he's going to do a Gulf trip
and he was asked about Gaza and he said,
quote, "We're going to help the people
of Gaza get some food. people are
starving and we're going to help them
get some food. Now, here's what I love
about how Trump talks about war. When he
talks about Ukraine and Russia, he
doesn't talk about the history of, you
know, the region. He doesn't talk about
the moral or ethical anything. He just
says, "I want the killing to stop. You
know, 5,000 soldiers a week are dying
there. I want that to stop." He just
goes right to the human part. when he
talks about Gaza, he says, "We want to
feed the
people, right, to the human part." Now,
of course, that's a distraction from the
fact that as the president, you know, he
he of course does have, you know, deeper
and more complex thoughts about how
things should be handled. But when he
talks about it, he goes right to the
human element and he never leaves. It's
kind of brilliant because he is an
anti-war president. At the same time,
he's a badass, but his his message
discipline, which I think is just all
him. I don't think anybody's advising
him on this. His message discipline to
always talk about the human
suffering pretty darn good. I don't know
if he gets credit for that, but that's
that's good
technique. It's not just good
technique. It's
good moral and ethical, you know,
position. Well, in other related news, I
guess the uh Israeli uh the Israel
Defense Forces have told Yemen to
evacuate their international airport. I
don't know how many airports they have
in Yemen, but uh they told them to
evacuate it, which would suggest that
air strikes air strikes are coming and
that Israel is going to essentially
destroy the airport.
Um, which I assume is to prevent Yemen
from launching drones, maybe. I'm not
sure exactly what it is they're trying
to stop, but uh I guess we'll find about
probably find out about that
today. Meanwhile, uh Ukraine has been
dropping drones on Moscow even as Moscow
is getting ready for their big victory
day celebration that would include other
foreign leaders coming to visit,
including President Xi.
And uh ABC News had this story and I
thought to myself, is
Ukraine going to attack while the other
leaders are
there? Cuz that would be pretty ballsy.
Probably a bad idea because it's just
going to make Russia more angry, which
can't be good. But uh what would how
would you protect President
Xi? Because he's going to be outdoors.
Why wouldn't they, if they have drones,
why wouldn't they send a drone over to
kill the leadership while they're all in
the same place outdoors and they know
exactly where they're going to
be? Are are they going to have to build
some big glass container that that Putin
stays in? Now, if they accidentally
killed President Xi,
uh, I can't think of anything that would
be worse than that. So, I don't
recommend
it, but uh I don't know. This could get
really dicey really fast because the
Ukrainians are not looking for peace at
this point. They're they're looking for
maximum provocation and uh they're going
to have a chance to get maximum
provocation out of this. We'll see if
they have any restraint at all.
Well, speaking of
that part of the world, um OPEC is going
to boost their oil output, which would
lower the cost of a barrel, supply and
demand, which would make uh Russia's
income stream much less because they
depend on oil for about 30% of their
budget. And uh that might that might
squeeze them
uh enough that they might, you know,
maybe want a little little faster go at
peace. I don't know that that's enough.
I I think Russia could probably survive
a you know downturn in oil revenue for
probably quite a while. It's only 30% of
its
budget, so we'll see. I don't think
that's going to change anything. Um,
meanwhile, the Washington Free Beacon is
reporting that UC Berkeley received a
whole bunch of donations from Chinese
related entities. Some of them were
disguised as coming from other things
and
uh they apparently uh it took a little
work to get them to admit how much money
they're getting from China. I am so glad
that I have disavowed my MBA.
Anyway, so if you're wondering why are
our colleges messed up, probably lots of
reasons, but one of them is that they're
getting their money from China and
trying to hide it. So that doesn't seem
ideal. All right, ladies and gentlemen,
that's all I have for
today. Um, if you're on YouTube or
Rumble or X, I will see you tomorrow.
Same time, same place. If you're on the
locals
uh platform, I'm going to go private
with you right now. In 30 seconds, we'll
be private and the rest of you, I'll see
you tomorrow. Same time, same place.