Let's get my comments going here and
we're going to have a good time, you
know, like
always with all the news and
whatnot. Come
on,
app. You can do
it. Try
harder. There we go.
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams.
You've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels you can't even understand with
your tiny shiny human brains. All you
need for that is a cuper micro glass, a
tank of gels, a canteen jug or flask, a
vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure,
the dopamine dinner of the day. The
thing that makes everything better. It's
called the simultaneous sip. And darn
it, it's going to happen right now.
Go. That's the good
stuff. Well, let's start with the fake
news first.
We might get this on this somewhat
real. So, uh, was it so a headline I
think was in the Hill said that top
vaccine official at FDA
resigns citing RFK Jr. misinformation.
Now, if you saw that headline, would you
think that the top vaccine official
decided he couldn't work there because
RFK Jr. was full of misinformation?
Because that's what it
says. But if you read the article, it
says that he was asked to resign or be
terminated. In other words, he was
fired.
So, first he's fired and then he's
disgruntled and then he says that RFK
Jr. only wants
misinformation. I wouldn't take any of
that
seriously. If you fire somebody in that
situation, what do you think they're
going to say? Do do you think they're
going to say, you know, RFK Jr. was
really right. I wasted my entire career.
Um, everything I believed was probably
wrong. I just don't want to stay around
to figure it out. No. No. They're going
to say that uh the new boss is terrible
and uh if you understood how bad that
new boss is, you would understand that
they had to quit. I mean, it was a
matter of
principle. Fake news. Here's a probably
fake news. The postmillennial is
reporting that well, the postmillennial
is not the fake part. They got the story
right. But uh Annapolina Luna says that
uh NBC has a video that allegedly shows
Lee Harvey Ellswald
uh attending the event at the time of
the
shooting. And if that were true, he
could not have been the lone shooter up
in the window because you can't be in
two places at the same time. And so
they're, you know, they have some source
that says that NBC has been sitting on
this video
forever. And do you think that's true?
Do you think NBC has a video that shows
Lee Harvey Osweld sort of hanging out at
a place that means he couldn't have been
the
shooter? I'm going to take a really big
bet against that being true here. Here's
what I think is true. Have you seen the
the old grainy black and white videos
from the Kennedy
shooting? You could find any one of us
in that
crowd cuz we all look like blotches.
That here here would be a good test. Do
you think you couldn't find somebody who
looks just like me standing in the
crowd? Of course you could. Like now I
was only six years old or something when
it happened. But could you find me in
the crowd? Yes, you could. Do you think
that most of you, if you're I think
mostly white guys at the time, do you
think if you were a 40-year-old white
guy, do you think there was no video of
that day that showed a blotchy black and
white white guy that looks a lot like
you? So, first of all, I don't believe
it exists. Secondly,
uh even if it did exist, NBC is the last
the last entity that would give it to
you.
cuz I don't know personally, but NBC has
often been accused of being in bed with
the
CIA. So, do you think you're ever going
to see that video and you're going to
look at it and you say, "Oh, that is
clearly Lee Harvey Oswald. You can see
it so clearly." I'm going to bet against
it. If you do see something, it's going
to be a
blotch. And if you don't see something,
that would be more understandable. So, I
wouldn't wait for that.
Um, according to uh Musk's Doge team,
you know, they're getting rid of a lot
of uh government facilities and some of
them would be include the ability to
make a phone call or the ability to go
in person to do this or that retirement
thing, but they're thinking of building
what they call an Apple store like
experience.
Now, I assume that means actually a
place you go
to, and it does seem to me that that
would be the right model if they could
do it. The thing I love about the Apple
store is that you can go there for your
phone or your watch or your laptop or
any of their products and they can help
you. So, wouldn't it make sense to have
a Apple-like quality store where you
could go for whatever your government,
you know, normal process is? So, you're
trying to get Medicare, you're trying to
get social
security, you you're trying to work out
anything and there's a genius standing
there and they just work it out while
you're standing there. That would be
pretty awesome. And what an improvement.
I My god. Now, it's a big that's a
pretty big goal, you know, and it would
be pretty expensive on its own, but I
love the fact that they're thinking in
those terms, you know, thinking big is
what we need. So, yeah, keep thinking
big. I think they can do
it. Believe it or not, according to
Breitbart News, Neil Monroe is writing
about this. Uh you know how the coyotes
the this would be the cartel members who
are uh helping to transport the illegal
migrants across the border. Well,
apparently they have a new business
model. And the new business model is
helping migrants that are already cross
the border get the hell back
home because they know if the government
catches them, they're going to end up,
you know, or they they would be worried
about ending up in a El Salvadorian
prison that looks like the worst place
in the world. And they're thinking, uh,
I saved
$10,000 by working here. Um, I'd rather
pay that than get back home so I don't
end up in one of those prisons. So
apparently for $10,000 a piece, the
coyotes are now helping people go
home. Now, how many of you How many of
you predicted that? I I got to say, I
did not see that coming, but it makes
sense because bringing people into the
country looks like a failed proposition,
but taking them out of the country so
they'll be safer from the El Salvadorian
jail, it makes perfect sense. Yeah,
makes perfect
sense. Um, there's a new potential buyer
for Tik Tok, super rich guy, Reed
Razner. I guess he's probably put
together some people for this bid, but
his bid would be uh over $47
billion. And but here's the interesting
part, which is way more than other
biders are offering, like by a lot. Um,
but part of the deal is that they would
donate 5% of their tick tock bid uh of
the 50 billion to the sovereign wealth
fund. Now, remember I told you that why
would the government of the United
States ever, you know, go along with a
tick tock sale unless, you know,
according to Trump, unless the
government got a piece of the action.
Now, I think, you know, more of a
percentage ongoing would make more
sense.
But 5% of 50
billion, not so bad. 5% of 50 billion.
It's a good little start for the
sovereign wealth fund. I have some
questions whether the sovereign wealth
fund can actually be created. I think
there were some technical or legal
obstacles to that. So it might not
actually become a
reality. But if they work that
out, this might start a uh sort of start
a new trend where one of the ways that
you can, you know, make sure the
government's on your side is
contributing to the sovereign wealth
fund. Might feel a little uh bribery
like at some point, but this company is
doing it
voluntarily. Uh meanwhile, Mario is
reporting. By the way, you should follow
Mario NFA.
Um he does a great job of summarizing
stories every day on X. But uh
apparently French companies that deal
with the United States are in trouble
from with the Trump administration
unless they end their DEI policies. So
apparently the US is telling France, you
have to get rid of your DEI or we won't
buy your stuff anymore or we won't trade
with you. Now that's going to be kind of
a shock. I wonder if they can get away
with that. makes sense. I mean, why why
would we trade with a racist um
country? Well, we probably do that all
the time, but if we can do less of it,
that'd be great. France 24 is reporting
on that. Um, speaking of DEI, the FCC is
going to investigate Disney over DEI
discrimination, postmillennials
reporting on that. Now, that's probably
the best thing that could happen to
Disney. Imagine you're the CEO of Disney
and you're absolutely trapped by the
fact that you've got too many DEI
supporters at the company. And if you on
your own decided to get rid of it, it
wouldn't work. There' just be too many
resistors. But what if the FCC came in
and said, "We're going to shut you down
unless you get rid of the DEI." Well,
now the CEO has a tool. So, if you think
this is all bad for Disney, it's
probably only bad for the DEI staff. It
might be really good for the board of
directors and the CEO because it would
give them a a tool to do the thing they
probably want to do, get rid of
DEI. Meanwhile, uh Jeremy Carl on X is
reporting that uh he got a report from
one of his followers that the University
of Michigan at Flint um is just going to
rebrand their DEI to
Hope and they're not going to fire
anybody who was in the DEI. So, just as
you imagined, you know, just as you
imagined, they're just going to hide it
and just continue to be
racist. Just going to hide it. Now it
seems to me that one of the things we
need you know how universities are
ranked you know for all kinds of things
it's like the best business school the
best engineering school um and then of
course they have to be certified by
somebody. So it's not unusual that you
know there are lists of what um you know
how good or how bad universities are
doing. Don't you think we need a racist
list so that we can actually say these
are the most racist, meaning they have
lots of DEI. These are the most racist
universities. I think if the government
listed them as racist and just said top
100 universities, uh there's only three
of them that are not racist. The rest
pure racist. I feel like that would
solve the problem in about three
years because nobody would want to be on
that list. You know, the the trouble is
that we keep calling it DEI and saying
that DEI, you know, is illegal or
violates the Constitution. How about we
just go right at it and say these
colleges have been branded as racist? If
anybody wants to know the details, they
can look into it and they'd find out
they have a DEI program or a hope a hope
program. And don't make it anybody's
problem but the colleges. It should just
be the colleg's problem. And when you
apply for a college, that should be one
of the things that pops up, how racist
they are.
Now I uh I asked today on X how many had
this experience that there was a white
male high school senior in their in
their world could be could be female in
this case but white who had all the
qualifications for a top college and
didn't get into any of them. Turns out a
lot of people say that, but um when they
showed their their
qualifications, they were sort of
marginal, meaning that if you only had a
4.0 average,
um I don't know that that gets you into
an Ivy League school. But there's a
member of my extended family who is a
white male who checks every box. I mean,
his his GPA was way over four.
over four and he was in every kind of
you know activity all the good ones you
know the ones that make sense and you he
did everything
right applied to a bunch of top schools
you know your Stanfords and your
Harvards and places that you would
expect to get in if you had higher than
a 4.0 you know, and everything else was
done right. Absolutely
nothing. The the only the only school
that accepted him was uh I won't say the
name of the school, but wasn't in the
top
29 for the, you know, the the specific
field that he wanted. And by the way, he
was looking at a technical field. So he
was he was looking at one of those
really useful, you know, not one of
these waste of time majors, but like one
of the real
ones. Didn't get
in. Now I want to give him advice. I
haven't talked to him yet, but I think
when he when he gets over the shock
because he's been aiming at, you know,
this has been his goal for years and he
everything he worked for was to make it
into one of these top colleges. But
during the time he was working on it,
the top colleges became
garbage. So I don't believe that he
should put himself in debt, you know, if
he had to borrow a lot of money because
they're not high income. Um I don't
believe that any of those Ivy League
schools would be a good a good uh
decision. I think he'd be better off,
you know, at a school that teaches him
the basics and then he just makes a
world, you know, makes a life out of it.
So, we know that Harvard would just turn
you into god knows what and Stanford,
same. Now, the these are the same
schools that Trump is
investigating. The Stanford is one of
them. So, Stanford is one of the ones
that rejected him. And I'm thinking,
okay, you got rejected by a college
that's been labeled
racist. I I think there's not much
question about what went wrong. I mean,
if if people with his credentials can't
get into one of the top
colleges, there's something really
broken. Really
broken. Anyway, a lot of people had
similar experiences. They're reporting
on X.
Well, according
to EI Klein on X, there's a new uh AI
app called
MA that can clone any singer's voice and
generate music using it. So, it'll
generate its own original songs, but
it'll use the voice of famous people
like Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber, and
Taylor
Swift. Now, how is that
legal? Since when can you clone a famous
singer's voice and create new
music? I feel like the lawyers are going
to be coming after him. Uh so that one's
a scary one. So that that's definitely
one of those edge cases where we'll
figure out what's legal and what
isn't. In political news, uh Smirkish on
CNN was talking to James Carville and J.
Okay, this is a little bit funny, but
James Garville maybe a month or two ago
said the best thing you could do is to
just uh you know lay low, don't do
anything and just wait for the
Republicans to
self-destruct. Well, instead of that, um
Trump is more popular than ever. Doge is
still popular. Um, but he was very
clever because the one thing he knew for
sure is that sooner or later his fake
news compatriots would find something
that wasn't a big deal and they turned
it into a big deal through the power of
the media and that's what signal gay
was. So now Carville has uh reemerged
and he says what tense are we in as in
past tense or current tense. He goes,
"What tense are we in? Is it
collapsing?" Talking about the Trump
administration. Or has it collapsed? Is
it collapsing or has it collapsed? Do
you know it's a fake
choice? He's good at this. He's very
good at it. He can only decide between
is it collapsing or has it collapsed?
Those are the only choices. Uh he goes
that's the only argument to have. Well,
he says it directly. He wants to make
sure you're not thinking about anything
else. He goes, "And I was wrong. I said
Memorial Day. It's before April Fool's
Day." which the Trump administration
should make a national holiday because
it so accurately represents who they
are. So the new Democrat talking
point, which apparently has virtually no
backing in the real world, is that uh
the American people are turning on the
Trump administration. You know, the one
that's more popular than it's ever been.
And none of this is true, but
Coraveville is not
dumb. He knows that if you create a
narrative that things will stick to it.
So his narrative is there's chaos. It's
all falling apart. There's chaos. And
then any little thing that the fake news
finds to say about Doge or about Trump,
they're they're just going to stick that
to it. Say, "Oh yeah, yep. Garville was
right. The administration's fallen
apart. Now, I would submit to you that
you can tell who's brainwashed andor is
a brainwasher by one word. Let's see if
you know what it is. There's one word
that sometimes Republicans use it, but
it's just sort of to, you know, fight
back or it's used in an ordinary way.
But there's one word that the Democrats
use
consistently that shows that they're not
actually using the thinking and the word
is
chaos. If you say chaos, how do you
prove there's
chaos? Well, you listen to the news, but
the news is fake. So, so the news and
the pundits are going to tell you
there's chaos all day long. If if you
turned on Abby Phillip, that show um
let's say
tomorrow, what are the odds that one of
those people would say it's chaos. It's
chaos. That's
brainwashing. Now, it might be that
they're brainwashed, but it's a little
more likely that they're brainwashers
and they're trying to get you. If you
went to one of the protests, you know,
like the anti-Tesla protests where you
stop somebody in the street and you say,
"Why are you so anti-Trump?" What are
they likely to say given that they don't
know anything about anything? They don't
know if Doge is working or not working.
They don't know if the savings are real
or not real. They don't know really
anything. They're going to look right at
you and say, "It's just chaos. That
Trump is just chaos."
If that's all they have, that's just
brainwashing. And for the most for the
most part, that's all they have. Yeah,
check Carville got the
chaos. So, I would say James Carville's
concerned that the uh Trump
administration is uh collapsing. It's
collapsing. Um I'm going to delegate
that to the Department of Imaginary
Concerns because that's why we created
it. The Department of Imaginary Concerns
handles all the things that Democrats
are worried about or talking about, but
aren't the least bit real. So, the
Department of Imaginary Concerns will
handle the collapsing, all the
collapsing and the chaos. We'll handle
that. Meanwhile, this is also from Mario
Noel. He's looked at the Doge clock
which is published. Um, so you can see
for yourself what's been saved. Um, as I
said, $257 billion. That's how much has
been drained out of the swamp. Now, as a
rule, uh, here's my new rule. I'm not
going to believe any number about Doge.
I'm not going to believe any anecdote
and I'm not going to believe any total
numbers. And when I see a number like
that and I don't know if it's over 10
years or over one year or it's already
saved or it might be saved or it could
be saved under the ideal conditions or
maybe it'll be saved but you still have
you'll have to spend a bunch of other
money to replace some portion of
it. I don't believe
anything. Now I do think in all
likelihood Doge is doing an amazing job
in all likelihood. But I'm not going to
believe any of the
numbers where, you know, I I've been
bitten how many times by repeating some
anecdote like the condoms for Hamas.
That was never real, right? So, um, I'm
going to assume that the criticisms of
Doge are all
fake and that the Doge numbers are
probably directionally correct, but I
wouldn't believe any specific numbers.
There's just too many ways to count
things there. There's probably a lot of
assumptions and opinion that go into
deciding how much you really
saved. Um, here's an update on Signal
Gate. You know, the Signal app and how
Jeffrey Goldberg somehow mysteriously
got um attached to it. What are the odds
that after this many days have gone by,
we don't know the answer to the
following
question? Who added him? And how did
that happen? Because remember, Mike
Walsh says that he doesn't know him and
didn't have his phone number, but you
need the phone number to add him. And he
got added by Mike Wals's account. Now,
some are saying, "Well, but it could
have been his assistant, Alex Wong." How
long would it take to find out if Alex
Wong is the person who who had access to
the phone? E, even if you don't know he
did
it, do you know if he ever had access to
the phone? Was there ever a time when
Mike Waltz would hand him the phone and
say, "Hey, can you create this chat
group? Uh, add this guy, this guy, this
guy." This is this is the worst cover up
of all time. You know, I thought this
was a sort of a
nonpro, but there is some
serious there's some serious lying going
on at this point. And I feel like I
would just be dishonest if I don't call
it out. Um, I still don't think it's
important. And I will tell you that
yesterday, for the probably the fifth
time, I sent a personal message to the
wrong person on text. Probably for the
fifth time. Now, in my
defense, I've got several people with
the same first
name, and I've got two people who have
uh the first two letters of their last
name are the
same. Now, I was a speed reader. I
learned speed reading when I was a kid.
And one of the things you learn is you
don't read whole words. You just read
enough of the word until you know what
it must be. So, it's just faster that
way. So, if I say the first name is
correct and the first two letters of the
last name are the ones I'm looking for,
I don't ask myself how many people have
those same first two letters. I just hit
that damn thing. And I did send a pretty
personal message to the wrong
person. They're both guys, you know, it
wasn't anything naughty because they're
both male. Uh, but how many of you have
done that? It's the most ordinary thing
in the world.
But in my case, both of those people are
in my
contacts. So, we really don't know. I
mean, really, we don't know why Jeffrey
Goldberg was on Mike Wals's contact
list. Really, after all these days, we
don't know
that. I don't know. Now, I could see
that maybe it was a a stalemate. I I
could imagine a case where Walsh says,
"You know what? Two people had access to
it. It was a mistake." But since neither
of us believe we made the mistake, Alex
Wong doesn't say you made the mistake,
and I don't remember making it.
Um, but how did it get there in the
first place? How how did it get there?
Now, I will tell you something else that
maybe the news is not telling you.
It's not that
unusual for
uh let's say a Republican at a high
level to have the contact information
for some terrible terrible journalists.
You know, Trump used to have contact all
the time with people who were terrible
to him. And you would say, "What? Why is
that?" Now, I don't have a defense for
it. I'll just say that if Mike Waltz had
Jeffrey Goldberg's contact and if they
had ever talked about anything, it
wouldn't be the weirdest thing in the
world. And I wouldn't even I wouldn't
even be super concerned about it. He
might just say there was that one day I
had a question. I don't remember what it
was, but I had a question that he could
answer. Um may maybe maybe there was a
time when The Atlantic had asked to
interview him and rather than talking to
the reporter, he thought, you know, I'll
I'll talk to the boss and, you know, ask
him if this reporter is legit. So you
could you could imagine
completely legitimate reasons that Mike
Waltz would have, you know, what you
might call an enemy uh journalist on his
list. It's just not that weird. It's not
weird at all. But the fact that we're
not
told, not cool. Not cool at all. Uh but
I also don't think there's much chaos
involved there. It's it's just at least
one person who's not telling us the
truth or not telling us what they know.
Maybe the truth is unknown, but tell us
that. Tell us that. What have you looked
at? What do you know? All right. So, I'm
not happy with that at all.
So, I guess yesterday was the so-called
Tesla Global Day of Action where all the
unattractive people gathered to dance
and show us their misspelled signs. And
uh there were uh Have you ever noticed
that if your protest involves organized
dance, then it's just stupid?
I I've never seen I've never seen an
organiz a protest with
dance that wasn't just
dumb. So, they got that going for them.
Um, and you've seen a bunch of people
getting interviewed. It's like, why do
you disagree with
Doge? And they seem just
completely uninvolved in
politics. They they don't even know why
they have a problem. They're just there
because they have a problem. Now, I'm
going to give you a theory for what
might be driving these people besides
being paid. You know, some of them are
paid, but I imagine they're not all
paid. Um, and even if you were paid,
wouldn't you take five minutes to
develop an argument for why you were
there? Like, if you paid me to be a fake
protester, I'd say, "Okay, I'm going to
be a fake protester. What will I say if
somebody asks me why I'm there?" It
would be kind of basic for a fake
protester to have some
reasons. Anyway,
um Governor Nuome on Bill Maher on
Friday, he said that uh Democrats have
become too toxic and
judgmental. Toxic and judgmental. Does
that sound right? Kind of does. Kind of
does. But I want to give you a uh a
theory that I was exposed to this
morning from a user on X who is
anonymous, but he's a he goes by Dr.
Insensitive
Jerk, which is a very disarming way to
label yourself because then when you see
if he posts something that looks like,
hey, what you insensitive, oh, I get it.
You're that's that's who you are. Uh, I
read recently that that's a good trick
for um, who was it? One of the famous
persuader guys who's always on social
media said that if you label yourself
harshly, it takes away people's
um, incentive to label you because you
just labeled yourself even harder than
they would. So, he's calling himself an
insensitive jerk. and he had an argument
about it, but I'm gonna I'm gonna kind
of crib from his argument rather than
read it exactly because I want to add my
own flavor to
this. You know how I always tell you
that everything is an extension of the
mating
instinct? And if you really want to
understand what's going on, the mating
instinct, Chris Voss, that's right,
Chris Voss was the persuader who said
that on uh Instagram or something. Thank
you. Um, he's very good. By the way,
I've listened to Chris Foss these little
clips. I don't know too much about him,
but the ones I've seen, they look really
useful, his little persuasion tips. So,
I'd recommend them. Um, so here's what I
think. And so, some of this is stolen
from Dr. Insensitive Jerk, but I'm going
to mash it up with some of my own
opinion.
Um, so Dr. and Senator Jerk notes that
insecure men uh are going to dislike
successful
people because they would be a threat.
Now, if you were unable to become rich
like Trump or rich like Elon Musk or
rich like Scott Basant or rich like uh
Wickoff or rich like you know most of
the people working as Democrats at the
moment, if you were unable to be one of
those rich people and then you looked at
it from a mating biological evolutionary
perspective, what would be your best
strategy?
So, you can't become rich or or you
don't believe you
can, but you're competing for, you know,
basically women uh against people who
are. Well, I think what you do is you'd
say, "I have better character than they
do." So, you try to sell your character
cuz it's all you got. But, it's never
going to work. Because I've never heard
a woman say, "Yeah, my husband, he uh
can't hold a job, but man, his character
is great, so I just can't get enough of
him." As a matter of fact, I'm going to
find him right now and sex him
up. Yeah, he's never made a dime. I' I'm
the only one working in the family, but
wow, does he have good character. Ask
him any question, you'll have the right
answer. Oh, do you like meet Elon Musk?
No, he's oligarch. He's an oligarch.
So, if you notice the men at these
Democrat um protests, do you ever see a
man who's been to the
gym? No. Do you ever see a man who looks
like he might be rich? They're probably
a few, you know, sneaking in there, but
I'll bet it's not most of them. So, the
mating instinct assumes that men would
go after successful men in every
domain. And sure enough, that's what we
see. But what about the women? Here's
where it gets a little harder, a little
little more
non-obvious. Women, because they have to
have babies that need to be protected.
And you know, if you're having a baby,
you're protecting a baby. You can't do
much making of your own money or tending
the fields or hunting or whatever
whatever was the original stuff that
people did. So, you need to attract the
man. the the man becomes the provider of
resources and also
protection. But what if you're a single
Democrat woman or a woman whose man
doesn't have any of those qualities, but
he's got a great character, by the way.
Oh, he can't win a fight. Can't make a
dime, but wow, he's got character. What
What would you do from a biological just
evolutionary standpoint?
Well, one of the things you might do is
turn to the government and say, "Hey,
government, give me some money
because I need money. Everybody needs
money." And if they don't have a a
second, you know, practical way to get
it, you're going to turn to the
government. But what if the government
is super successful people who think you
should go make your own
money? Well, in that case, you might try
to bring them down. You might try to
embarrass them. You might try to destroy
them publicly
until they think that their best move to
become a member, you know, a functioning
member of society is to give away lots
of their money
to people who need it. So I think what
you're seeing is this large mating
instinct failure of the Democrats being
channeled into these protests. Now, of
course, it doesn't mean every single
person. It never means that. But wow,
you know, if you look at the if you look
at the crowds, they don't look like
they're real successful in the mating
category. You know what I
mean? So, so look for
that. Um, and and then Dr. Insensitive
Jerk points out that if you look at who
the leaders are on the Democrats,
they're almost antisuccess people. It's
the people like Bernie Sanders who's
never done anything successful or Joe
Biden who's never made money outside of
probably crime and Elizabeth Warren
who's kind of
suspect, you know, for how'd she get so
much money. So, Republicans seem to be
um let's just do the best job and you
can make your money, we'll make our
money. And the Democrats are we don't
know how to make money. Can we get
yours?
So that's what this is. That's what it
looks like to me. Meanwhile, the White
House Correspondents Association, you
know, they always do that dinner where
they have somebody who's like a Dean
Martin roast. It it feels like you've
gone back in time. Uh and it started out
that both sides, Democrats and
Republicans, used to go, but then they
turned into a Democrat hell hole like
everything else it seems. And um Trump
isn't isn't going, which is a good call.
And they had hired some totally
anti-Trump comedian to be the roster
chief. And she's already been fired
because I guess they realized there was
no point having it if it's only
Democrats. Yeah. So Amber Ruffen,
uh she had declared at one point that no
one wanted President Trump to attend or
even be in the same room with him.
really. Um and then for months the the
head of that organization had ignored
the objections, but Saturday they said
uh she was unanimously sacked. Man, it
it seems like that entire event doesn't
make any
sense. It it's just a relic of the past.
And you know, once it becomes just a
Democrat
event, it has no real reason to exist. I
mean, it's not really about, you know,
getting everybody together so they know
each other and, you know, they can
network. I don't know. Looks like the
whole thing should be
cancelled. Well, Trump, just to be
provocative, but he's also a good
negotiator, says of Greenland that he
won't rule out using military force if
he has to take it. Now, you might say to
yourself, but but he said he wants them
to determine their own fate, and he
does.
But it's always smart to never rule out
any of your tools because it makes other
people say, "But he might. Did he mean
that? He hasn't ruled it out, but does
that mean he's going to?" So that's the
uncertainty play that he likes to use. I
I suspect there's low chance that he's
going to do that. Um and but Trump says,
"I think there's a good possibility we
could do it without military force, but
I don't take anything off the table."
Now, he says that for every pretty much
every
domain. Um, but the question that needs
to be answered is I believe it was
either Greenland or maybe it was
Denmark, might have been Denmark who
said that uh the the US used to have a
bigger military presence there. So, it's
lower than it used to be because we do
have military presence uh in Greenland,
but it's only 200 people, I think. And
my question would be, since Denmark has
allowed that they would be happy with a
larger, you know, a more serious
American military
presence, why aren't we happy with that?
So Trump has Trump's been kind of put in
a corner. And I don't know if anybody's
asked my question yet, but the question
would be if what you want is national
defense and let's say defense of the
entire area, why would you not have
everything you wanted if you could put
all the American military there you want
with all the assets you want to do
whatever makes sense to protect
Greenland and everything else. I don't
know. See, it seems like that would be
actually a perfectly
legitimate, you know,
solution. So, I want to hear Trump
answer that. There might be some answer
to that. We'll see. Maybe he wants the
military presence to be paid for by
mineral rights or something like that.
So, there might be a
reason. Well, European institutions,
according to The Hill, are offering what
they call scientific asylum for the
scientists who are being defunded in
America.
Um, but the things that are being
defunded are things like, you know, a
lot of it is stuff like DEI research and
transgender stuff and climate change.
And I'm thinking to myself, did we find
a way to get rid of all of our worst
scientists? We'll send them to Europe.
Are are we losing any scientists who are
working on fusion or you know military
things or quantum
entanglement? I feel like if we ship to
Europe all of our DEI transgender
um research and climate change people,
we might come out ahead. So maybe that's
a win-win for
everybody. That's what I say.
Well,
um Moscow is blasting the European Union
um saying that uh the European Union is
refusing to um get rid of the sanction
on one of their banks. Now, apparently
the deal that Putin believes was made
and you have to be careful because
everybody everybody leaves these
meetings thinking a different kind of
deal was made. But Putin believes that
in order to um agree to not do war in
the Black Sea and attack ships, that
part of that was at least one part of
the sanctions, not all of them, but just
the sanctions against this one bank
would be dropped. And then the European
Union said, "Nope, we're not going to do
that."
So, you know, it makes me wonder who is
our enemy in the United
States. It it's getting a little
murky because Putin wants to stop
fighting, which would be good for the
United States because we'd stop funding
it and it would be less risk. And he
wants to probably do trade and maybe
that's good for us, too.
Whereas the European Union wants to drag
us into World War II for reasons that
maybe we don't think are good ones. So
which one is on our
side? It's not it's not as clear as it
was a month ago. I mean a month ago I
would said, well obviously the EU is on
our side and you know Putin's on the
other side.
But if you see the EU signing up for a
permanent war with no chance of winning
uh and what seems to be backstabbing any
progress, I don't know. I'd say it's
sort of a tossup at this point. And I
feel sorry for Europe that the European
Union has basically taken over and
they've got a some woman with crazy eyes
who's driving the ship. Have you seen
her crazy eyes? You know, the big wide
ones. It's not an accident.
the crazy eyes. So Mike Benz has a story
today. Um so apparently USAD had a
partner, you know, one of the many
things that it has funded called the US
Institute of Peace. Well, that's a good
idea. Uh who wouldn't want to fund the
US Institute of Peace? Do you like
peace? You like peace, right? So
obviously that'd be a good thing to
fund. So what what has that group been
up to? Oh, they're arguing that the
Taliban
uh should not stop the growing of
poppies and the heroin trade, which the
Taliban is now successfully doing. So,
the Taliban is trying to get Afghanistan
completely out of the poppy heroin
trade, which is something the United
States couldn't do.
Now, I heard and I I can't confirm this
that the reason we didn't want to close
that down, according to some CIA asset
said this is because almost all of that
heroin from Afghanistan was going into
Iran. It wasn't going to the United
States. Now, I can't confirm that, but
it would make sense why the USID would
be funding a group that was arguing they
should keep the poppy growth because
it's good for the economy.
That's actually what they argued in
writing. They argued that it was good
for the economy of Afghanistan and it
would be devastating for them to stop
making heroin. Now, that only makes
sense if we thought the heroin was not
coming into the
US. Now, I'm going to give you an
anecdotal point, and maybe some of you
have your own anecdotes to either back
it up or refute it. If you know anybody
who's a drug addict, ask them when was
the last time they had actual heroin,
even if that used to be their drug of
choice. I think what you're going to
find out is that sometimes they think
they're getting it, but it's just
fentinyl.
So I think our current situation is that
fentinyl has completely replaced heroin
partly because it's maybe cheaper, more
available, more powerful, and the
addicts have figured out how to handle
it. I hate to say that, but the addicts
that haven't died have learned how to,
you know, handle the dosage so that
they're a little less likely to die. So
I think that might be what's going on
that we want to keep that in play. And
then the Taliban is saying, "Nope, we
don't want to be the heroin company."
Which makes sense. You know, I I hate to
support the
Taliban. I I hate to be on the side of
the Taliban, but the Taliban at least is
consistent. You know, how about No. How
about our country is not the heroin
producer of the world. All right. Now,
not I'm not supporting the Taliban. They
got some bad opinions, too. Plenty of
them. But at least they're consistent.
Well, I told you yesterday that Iran had
uh rejected direct talks with the US,
but they they're okay with indirect
talks going through some third party
country. Now, the AP is reporting on
this. Don't you think that's nothing but
a stall? So Iran can pretend that
they're doing something that looks like
maybe
progress, but if they're not talking
directly and they're talking through
some third party, it's going to be a
whole bunch of, well, the third party
says we got a deal and then Iran says,
"No, we don't." And then they go back
and then they think they have a deal and
they say, "Well, it looks like the third
parties have worked on a deal." And then
Iran says, "No, we didn't."
And but basically it's exactly the same
as not talking at all. But it gives them
the cover of looking reasonable because
they said, "Hey, we'll do some indirect
talks. How about that? That's not
nothing." No, it's worse than nothing.
It gives them cover for doing nothing.
It's worse than nothing. That's what I
think. There were some more hoodie
attacks. One of the questions um attacks
on the hoodies. Um, now one of the
questions that many of us have is how
does this Hoodi thing ever end? It looks
like a permanent war because the minute
we leave, Iran ships them some new
missiles. They got lots of them
underground in their big facilities.
They're not running out of missiles. And
they ship them some new radar so they
can spot it. They'd be back in business
in a week, wouldn't they? Like actually
a week. So, how do you ever end this?
And I think I just saw my my answer to
it. Apparently, there's one or two
um air bases nearby that have now been
developed into US air bases. So, I don't
know if there are islands. I was a
little unclear on the geography there,
but it's close enough that we could put
our our B-52s there. So the landing
strip is optimized for, you know,
bombers and it would be close enough to
make it economical and easy to bomb the
hoodies whenever we want. And I think
that's my answer. The answer is we're
going to put up a permanent military
presence and every time there's a hoodie
missile, they're just going to get
bombed to and we're just going to
see if they if we can do that longer
than they can do it. So, I don't think
there's any chance you can bomb them all
into nothingness that they'll stop. But
there's definitely a chance that if we
have a permanent position there and
every time a missile gets fired, the
entire town disappears or whatever it
is, that should have a suppressive
effect. Now, I still think it's a long
shot that anything good will come out of
this, but you you can't do nothing.
Doing nothing seems like a bad idea.
Although I think a lot of people would
say you should do nothing because it's
only a very tiny amount of US traffic
goes through there. That would be a good
argument for doing nothing. Actually,
well, Hamas says it accepts a new Gaza
ceasefire, but Israel says nope. They're
counter offering according to the AP.
Um, so do you think uh do you think
Israel is going to accept any more of
these hostage deals? I guess they want
some um humanitarian aid and some
releasing of a whole bunch of
Palestinians. And I don't know. I don't
know. I I feel like at some point Israel
is just going to say we're done and
we'll stop bombing when we have them all
all back. Yeah. because I think they're
almost at that point which is really bad
domestically because there's going to be
a large number of people who say uh but
my relatives in one of those
tunnels. So they have I think they have
to cut the number of hostages down to
the point where even if the hostage
families and their friends are making a
big big stink about it that it's not a
big enough stink to stop them from doing
what they want. So we'll see. We'll keep
an eye on that. And that, ladies and
[Music]
gentlemen, is all I had for you today. I
hope uh I hope everything's good for
you. I'm going to talk uh privately to
the people on locals.
Um and uh the rest of you on X and
YouTube and Rumble. We'll see you
tomorrow, same time, same place. Locals,
I'm coming at you
privately. Here we come.