recommend looking at your stocks if you
have any. Stock market is up quite
handily. We'll talk about
that. But let me get my comments working
so we can give you the show that you
deserve. You deserve it, right? Yeah. Of
course you
do. Of course you do. You deserve it so
hard.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human
brains, all you need for that is a cup
of margar, a glass, a tanker chelstein,
a canteen jug or flask, a vessel of any
kind. Fill it with your favorite liquid.
I like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine end
of the day, the thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. And it happens. That's
right. Right now. Go.
Looks like everything's
working. It's all working
today. Well, here's a uh important
story. Uh according to
science, walnuts can curb inflammation
that may reduce colon
cancer. So, if you if you're at risk of
colon cancer, walnuts could be your
answer. Now, uh I'm no doctor, but um I
have a
recommendation. Don't make the mistake I
made. The walnuts are to be eaten. Yeah,
you take them
orally. You're
thinking, you're thinking you want to
take them the other way because it's
reducing your colon cancer risk, but no,
you should remove the shells and take
them orally. Don't make the mistake I
made.
Well, here's a uh little scientific
thing that might be a big deal.
According to No Ridge,
um there's a uh drug that already exists
for people who take too much Tylenol and
you want to save them from too much
Tylenol, I guess. And what it does is uh
it's called
N
acetil cyine.
And what it does is uh it can prevent
heart attacks apparently because it can
prevent uh clots from forming. Now I
didn't know this but apparently if you
have a drug that prevents clots from
forming it might make you bleed too
much. So there's a downside but this
doesn't do that. So, you might be able
to take this drug, which already is is
approved for other purposes and seems
pretty safe, and it could
basically eliminate millions of uh heart
attacks and
strokes. Now, it sounds a little too
good. Well, you know, the the baby
aspirin and the other things, they have
some downside, but as far as I know,
there's no specific downside from this
particular drug. already exists. They
know they know about it pretty well. So,
that's kind of
cool. Over in uh China, there's a report
in interesting
engineering that uh the the Chinese are
looking to geneedit super soldiers. So,
they're going to make super soldiers
with gene editing and maybe give them AI
power. So, they're basically making
cyborgs that are gene edited. Do you
think that they have any
yet? Do do you suppose there any gene
edited babies that are just being raised
as super
soldiers? I don't know. But I don't know
how well these super soldiers are going
to do against a wave of drones that are
destroying them from above. But uh watch
out for those super
soldiers coming to a war near you. I'm
not sure I believe any of that story. Do
you believe that China is making
geneedited super
soldiers? You know, I suppose anything's
possible, but I'm going to say I don't
believe
it.
Um, apparently Trump says he's going to
talk to AG Attorney General Bondi about
what's holding up the Epstein files. How
many of you believe the Epstein files
were really going to come
out? Now, let me ask you this. When I
say Epstein
files, do you say to yourself, "Oh, just
the text messages and the, you know, the
documents, wouldn't the Epstein files be
the video that we we know must have been
there on the island?" No video. Are we
really going to get the Epstein files
and somebody's going to tell us, "Yes,
we've released everything and there
won't be a single video in there." Is
that going to happen? I think it
is. Do we even know who has the
video? Do you think the US government
knows who has the video from the
island? Maybe. Maybe they do, maybe they
don't. But I'll tell you one thing for
sure. Somebody has those videos. I don't
think they got
destroyed. So maybe Israel has them.
Maybe the FBI has them.
Maybe Russia has them. I don't think
Russia, but uh we're not going to see
anything good from the Epstein files.
Yeah, I I think the odds of us seeing
the good stuff probably
zero, but we'll see.
So, you remember uh Klaus Schwab, the
head of the World Economic
Forum, and remember how uh people like
me kept saying, "Why does he seem like
an evil super villain?" Like he talked
and looked exactly like some kind of
evil villain that you would cast in a
movie. And turns out there's a
whistleblower. He's got a some
complaints about Klouse
um alleging financial and ethical
misconduct.
and he resigned from the World Economic
Forum. Um, we don't know if it's because
of this, but the reporting is after it,
so maybe it's because, but we don't
know. Um, allegedly used forum cash for
hotel massages, ATM runs by junior
staff, and holiday travel disguised as
business. Um, and he says he's going to
sue whoever is accusing him of
this. and his wife allegedly ran their
um this is according to the Wall Street
Journal allegedly ran their 50 million
lakeside villa like a private
spa. So while Davos was
uh talking about austerity, Schwab was
apparently having a a good time with his
full-time spa. Now I know what you're
thinking. Happy endings. Well, you're
probably right. But uh is anybody
surprised that Claus Schwab
um was a little bit sketchy? Allegedly.
Allegedly. We don't know for sure.
That's according to a
whistleblower. Well, RFK Jr. apparently
is succeeding in getting rid of the
artificial food colorings in our food.
Everything from candies and drinks and
jams and cereals. Um but it's going to
take a while. I guess it's going to take
till the end of
2026. Uh but the FDA is uh announcing
that uh the petroleum based synthetic
dyes will be eliminated from medications
and the food supply by the end of
2026. So that might be a big deal. I I
saw that RFK Jr. was talking about how
the testosterone level in young men was
so low it was lower than people my
age which is pretty bad. Um I wonder if
any of this is related. I mean he's got
a lot more work to do to figure out
what's going on with with that. But if
we don't get our testosterone levels
back I don't think we're going to be a
successful country. How much of you, if
you had to guess, how much of the
current drama in the United States might
be caused by low
testosterone? Because the Democrats are
a low testosterone party. It's pretty
much women and men with low
testosterone. If we didn't have this
testosterone emergency, do you think the
Democrats would be acting the way they
are? I don't know. But but my uh
experience is that if you change
somebody's chemical reality that much,
you know, lowering testosterone has got
to have a big impact on your behavior.
There there's no way that that's a
nothing. And there does seem to be a
difference between the two parties. So
I'm guessing that if you improve
testosterone,
uh politics would change as well. You
know, just look at uh like a a single
issue. Look at uh protecting the
border. Do you think the low
testosterone people and the high
testosterone men have the same opinion
about protecting the border? I'll bet
not. I'll bet you could find the
difference. What about uh deporting
people without enough dro due process if
if you suspect they're gang members?
I'll bet you there's a big difference
between the high testosterone opinions
and the low testosterone opinions. So, a
lot of times we think we we have
opinions, but really what it is is just
different chemical
situation. Anyway, according to a user
called
DD on Axe, there's a startup in China
that has 150 million users and they've
created what they call micro dramas,
which are basically romance fantasies
for women. But what's different about
them is that they're only a minute to a
minute and a half long. And the first
few are free to get you hooked and then
you would pay a little bit for each one,
but they're all going to be like a
minute and a half. And they do it with
cheap actors and AI generated
backgrounds, but they're making like
$200 million in revenue. So what they've
invented basically is porn for women.
Now, here's something I've observed for
many years that if you if you're trying
to predict
uh an online service and whether it does
well, here's what you look for. Number
one, does it have anything to do with
sex? Because that's always good. So,
yes. So, even though these are romance
fantasies, you know, one assumes that
it's basically sex adjacent. The other
thing is faces. If if you have any kind
of an online service that has faces,
whether it's Instagram or
uh basically anything that has faces,
it's going to be far more successful
than anything that doesn't have faces.
So, always look for faces. And then the
other thing lately is whether it's
brief. So, the this Chinese service with
these minute and a half um clips, it
gets it all. It's got the sex, it's got
faces, and it's brief because our
attention span is so low. So, I guess
you could have predicted it because it
it sort of hit all the, you know, the
notes. Well, Katherine Herage, uh, very
respected reporter, um, has a,
uh, has a big piece out now. She did
some interviews and she says that top US
neuroscientists and military advisers
confirm that reports are quote credible.
Credible is a key word here. That
directed energy weapon attacks have
happened on US soil and targeted US
personnel
abroad. Now I watched her interview with
one of the individuals who claims to
have been a victim of the attacks. Now,
you might remember that when the when
this story was new, I said um that it
was not real and that it was mass
hysteria. I'm going to mildly revise my
opinion to I might be wrong. I might be.
But let me just interject this. um if
you're looking to determine what's real
and what's not real, I always look for
the
money. And so her her key interview was
an individual who uh claims to have been
damaged by one of these weapons. And the
reason he's claiming it is so that he
can get a workplace disability, some
kind of payment for his uh his care. So
he has a financial
incentive to say that he was damaged by
it instead of just having Alzheimer's
because his his uh I guess his symptoms
are Alzheimer's
like so here's the problem. He could be
telling the truth and he could be 100%
right. I wouldn't know from here. But
can you really take as a credible
witness somebody who has a huge
financial interest in you believing it
one thing or
another. So for me this is a little
sketchy because you've got to find
somebody who doesn't have a financial
interest. And I think that most of the
people who claim this damage are
claiming if probably for the same reason
so they can get some kind of, you know,
workplace payment for being injured on
the job versus just a natural health
problem. So I don't want to cast any
aspersions on anybody because they seem
like good people and they didn't look
like they're lying. You know, didn't
didn't have any tells for lying. But
generally speaking, I would tell you to
be very cautious if your best
witnesses are getting paid or or if they
have a financial incentive. So, just put
that in your put that in your quiver.
So, and and I'll say again, I could be
wrong. I could be wrong about it being a
uh um massist area. Maybe there is a
weapon. So, I'm so I'm going to go all
the way to
maybe. Uh you remember that uh Gary Lake
was in charge of the Voice of America
and Radio Few and you know they
basically are um external facing um
propaganda
networks
and they were all shut down and defunded
and everybody was fired because Trump
administration decided that wasn't
really useful.
Well, you would not be surprised to find
that a US district judge, here it is
again, a district judge who should not
be making decisions about things outside
her domain, has granted a preliminary
injunction and is requiring all the
people to be hired
back. Now, how is that even possible?
How is it even possible that a judge can
tell the government that they can't fire
people and they can't close down a a
government entity? And I I think the
argument has something to do with
they're an independent federal
agency. But how independent are you if
you if you depend on funding from the
government? That feels like the opposite
of independent. You know, maybe maybe
the post office is a similar situation.
It's like gets government funding, but
it's
independent. I I can't even believe
that. Do Do you think that would have
happened if we had a Democrat as a
president? Or do you think it's just all
these district judges are just ruling
anything that Trump does is wrong, has
to be reversed because it's starting to
look like it's just automatic. you know,
they they just shop for the right judge
and then they get somebody to say
whatever Trump wants, we're going to say
no. So, here's a question that I've been
doodling on. You know, if if you've been
watching Mike Benz or watching the the
Doge project, you know that there were a
number of organizations both
domestically and internationally that
were in the censorship
business. Now, they wouldn't say they
were in the censorship business.
They would all say that they were in the
uh getting rid of disinformation
business, but the disinformation would
always be on one
side. They would never get rid of the
disinformation on the uh on the left.
They would only get rid of what they
would call the disinformation on the
right. Now, do you think they were
accurate in knowing what the
disinformation was? I don't even think I
don't even think that was the goal. I
think it was just pure censorship of one
side. But uh Elon Musk said uh on X
several more censorship organizations
will be deleted. And my question is
this, how many were there? Every time I
listen to Mike Benz talk about some new
disinformation organization that was
international or or domestic, I say to
myself, have I heard of this story
before? It just feels like the letters
changed. you know, it's a GEC or a CISA
or uh there was a new one recently and
I'm really
wondering were there
hundreds? Were there were there dozens?
And then that's not even counting the
FBI that we know was trying to uh
influence the social media
platforms. How many
entities were involved in trying to take
away my freedom of speech?
a lot. And how many entities were
involved in trying to reduce the
advertising revenue to any platform they
didn't
like? A lot. It it turns out that there
was enormous
um not only, you know, dollar-wise, but
the number of entities that were
involved in this evil plot to take away
your your freedom of speech in the
United States, I I don't even know if if
several more censorship
organizations get deleted, how many are
left? You know, several doesn't tell me
anything. You know, I always say a
number without a percentage is useless,
but a percentage without a number is
useless. Here's a number, several, but
without the
percentage, I can't tell if that
matters. If it's only 1% of all the
disinformation organizations, it doesn't
mean anything. If it's
80%, maybe it does. So, I'd like to know
how many there are out there.
There's a some AI expert I was seeing on
a clip on X, Jeffrey
Hinton. He he says that the more we
understand AI and how the brain actually
works, the less human thinking looks
like logic. I saw this on a Vupo account
on X and he says we're not reasoning
machines. We're analogy machines. We
think by resonance, not deduction. We're
much less rational than we thought. Who
does that sound
like? It sounds like me. It sounds like
my book that's behind you. Uh, you know,
I forget which one, but uh where I talk
about uh loser think is the book. And I
write about how analogy thinking is not
real
thinking. If all you're doing is being
reminded of something else, that's not
thinking.
Now, how many smart people do you think
would be analogy thinkers as opposed to
people who reason from, you know, from
base facts and then reason their way to
a
conclusion? Well, let's look at the
news. According to the Hill,
uh, a Trump critic named Lawrence Tribe,
you know Lawrence Tribe, very very, uh,
famous lawyer type person who's
anti-Trump. He says that Trump's
attempted Harvard takeover mirrors
Hitler, Orban, and
Erdogan. And then later he was on a some
TV show where he said, "Trump's Harvard
tactics are like the mafias and
hillers."
Is that reasoning or is that analogy?
It's
analogy. Now, one of the things that
I've predicted since the beginning of,
you know, the AI big wave was that AI
would teach us that we're not that we're
not reasonable
creatures. Because as we learn to
understand how AI thinks, we're going to
realize that's how we think, too. And
it's not based on reasoning from, you
know, first principles. It's sort of
just pattern recognition. It's just
analogies. So, I don't know what
percentage of human beings can use
reasoning, but it's not a
lot. And if you were ever to say to
yourself, the world is a simulation and
some of us are NPCs, you know,
non-player characters. I'm pretty sure
the NPCs would be the analogy thinkers
and the the few people who were players
uh in that model would be uh able to
reason from first principles I guess. So
ask yourself which one are
you? So let's talk about uh Ukraine and
and Russia. So, according to the Wall
Street Journal, uh, Zalinski says he'll
never agree to peace without the
surrender of
Crimea. Now, Russia under no
circumstance will ever give up their
biggest, you know, milit I guess naval
base, and there's no way they're going
to give up Crimea, much less the other
properties that they own right now. So,
does that look to you like anybody who's
serious about
you know, even trying to get a peace
deal, it doesn't to me. And it makes me
think there's something we don't
understand about what's going on. Now,
uh, as you know, I've never been to
Ukraine, so therefore that makes me not
an expert who is worthy to talk about
it. So, I'll just talk about it as an
observer who is
confused. So, I won't talk about it as
an expert. I'll talk about it as
somebody who's watching the news and
saying, "What? What? Why does this news
make sense?" So, apparently Rubio has uh
cancelled some highle meeting because it
doesn't look like Ukraine and Russia are
serious about a peace deal. Uh and
they've downgraded the uh they they
haven't cut off contact, but they've
downgraded the negotiations, it's
called. Um, and so instead of Rubio
being there or Trump being there, it's
going to be Ukraine envoy General Keith
Kellogg. General
Kellogg.
Kellogg. Kellogg is a
serial. And a general is somebody who
kills
people. So would he be a serial killer?
General Kellogg? I don't know. That's
the first thing we have to decide. Um,
but secondly, I'm trying to figure out
what could it be that we don't know. So,
one possibility is that Zalinski doesn't
think he could personally survive
peace, right? Because if peace happens,
uh, there'll be elections and then he
would be voted out and then whoever is
voted in will start investigating all
the money that Zalinsky stole allegedly,
you know, possibly. I don't know about
any. and he might die. So, it's possible
that
Zalinski is doing everything he can do
to prevent peace because he doesn't try
to survive peace. That might be the
actual reason. Um, another
possibility, uh, this is maybe a little
wilder, is that, uh, Zalinski knows
there's a weapon coming that he would
have access to that would change the
nature of the war, such as, and I'm not
predicting this, but I'm just
speculating, what are all the reasons he
would act this way? And one of them
would be that they're developing a
million drone uh wave of attack and
nobody knows about it because there's
big warehouses where they've got a
million drones and they're building them
up and they're just going to run over
the entire occupied Russian occupied
territory and just kill every Russian ch
soldier with a million drones. you know,
they might lose 800,000 of them, but
when they're done, there won't be any
Russian
soldiers. Is that possible? Are we
moving to a fully drone war? And
Zilinski knows it, and he knows it's
imminent. So, he thinks that it would go
from Russia has the military advantage
to every Russian soldier in those
territories is
dead. Maybe. I don't think that's the
greatest possibility, but again, what
else is it? The other possibility is
that he's just
negotiating. So, he's he's taking the
most extreme
um position and then, you know, he's got
something to give up, but it doesn't
feel like it, does it? It doesn't feel
like he really would give up anything.
So, I guess the mystery remains, but as
long as the mystery remains, the United
States probably just needs to get out of
it. You know, if if we can't understand
why he doesn't want peace,
um or at least peace on the terms that
are practical, then we shouldn't be
involved. You know, one way or another,
we we need to back out because we don't
have the real story unless we do and
we're not talking.
Well, one of the things I love about the
Trump administration is that he's
created sort of a culture where if
you're uh cutting the fat out of your
organization, you know, you're going to
get some attention. So, it feels like a
lot of people are sort of almost
competing to cut the most out of their
organization. One of them is uh Bill
PTE. Um he was reporting today or
yesterday I guess that uh you know he's
in charge of the uh what's it called the
FHFA and Fanny and Freddy and so that's
the the US federal housing groups and he
says there's so much redundancy in the
paperwork that makes your head spin and
as a result the people at Fanny and
Freddy he got rid of a bunch of
redundancy he eliminated all kinds of
redundancy And as a result, the people
at Fanny and Freddy tell us they're very
happy with us. Um, now here's my
standard for you haven't done a good job
of putting your paperwork together. If
I'm filling out paperwork for anything,
let's say a commercial loan, how many
times do I have to write my name and
address? If I have to write my name and
address more than once on a bunch of
documents that are all aimed at doing
the same thing, it's just there are lots
of parts to it. I'm not going to be
happy. So, I don't know what it means to
reduce redundancy, but I'm betting that
PTE is doing a great job on that. And uh
that could be huge just in terms of
making it easier to be a citizen of the
United States.
At the same time, the state department
is going to be paired back. So, listen
to this.
Uh, 132 agency offices. So, that's State
Department agency offices are going to
be
closed according to the free press. And
um but now the the question you ask is
132 agency offices and if how many how
many how many do you think the state
department has if they can close 132 of
them? The answer is
734. They have 734
offices. Are you kidding me?
uh
where doing
what? So they're going to close them and
re reduce it to only about 600. It's a
it's only a 17%
reduction. Can you even imagine closing
132 offices and it's only 17% of your
offices? Oh my god. The the amount of
waste which must exist in the state
department. But what this tells me is
that the State Department was the the
animal wagging the tail. It's a wrong
analogy, but the State Department must
have been insanely
powerful that nobody could prune them
back until the Trump administration.
So you have to think that prior
administrations thought, hey, we have
too much stuff and our budget is too big
and we should we should cut this back a
little bit. But probably they couldn't
cuz the State Department was sort of so
deep state that nobody could touch them.
But apparently we can now, but only
17%.
Anyway, but that's a move in the right
direction.
So, you may have seen the video of uh
Tim
P. He was at the White House briefing
room and uh when it was his he was asked
to ask his question, he he mentioned
that the people in the
room Oh, hello. I'm seeing on uh in the
comments uh breaking New York Attorney
General Leticia James is now suspected
of insurance fraud.
And this is not associated with uh
previous
allegations, insurance
fraud. All
right. She's in
trouble. She's in trouble. Uh anyway,
what was I saying? So Tim P was in the
and he calls out the uh I guess the
traditional media that's in the room and
noted how they seem to be in lock step
on the hoaxes. and he mentioned the very
fine people hoax. And I love the fact
that he made the traditional media who
had been promoting the fine people hoax
for years, he made them sit there on
television while he called them out for
that being a hoax. And he had he had two
other examples, but the but the fine
people hoax was the one that of course
uh interests me the most since I worked
hard to get that debunked.
So, that's good. I love
that. All right. So, I've got a little
uh theme for the next part of the show.
It's a theme. It's called calming
economic uncertainty. All right. So,
here are all the things that, as I
mentioned at the beginning of the show,
the stock market is up strongly today.
And it's not a coincidence. There are
things there are things
happening. Um so Iran says it's ready to
make its nuclear program more
transparent
um in return for uh an easing of
sanctions. Now isn't that what we
wanted? Didn't we want full transparency
on their nuclear program to make sure
they weren't making weapons?
Does this do you think this is real or
is it just stalling
again? Here's why I think it might be
real. So, Russia has been, I guess,
brought into the process. We don't know
exactly how, but Russia and Iran have a
a tighter relationship than than we do
with with Iran, obviously. But one of
the reasons that Iran and Russia have a
tight relationship is that Iran is
creating manufacturing many of the
drones that uh Russia is using in the
Ukrainian
war.
Now would it be a
coincidence that Iran is suddenly
flexible about us knowing about their
nuclear program? At the same time,
they're becoming really, really good at
producing a lot of
drones. I'm not sure that's a
coincidence because if you were Iran,
one of the things you would know, cuz
everybody knows it, if you ever used a
nuclear weapon, your country would be
destroyed for sure. Like, no doubt about
it. So, using a nuclear weapon doesn't
really get you to a good place in any
situation. But suppose they
created a million drones and they wanted
to attack Israel with a million
drones. If they were successful,
um I don't think they would be, but if
they were, they would probably not get
nuked because you don't really nuke
people unless they nuke you first.
So, it could be that Iran just feels
like its traditional weapons are now so
plentiful that they wouldn't need nukes
and nukes would just work against their
interests cuz, you know, their country
would be destroyed if they ever used
one. So, there's a little bit of me that
thinks they might be serious about this.
Not in a good way because if they had
those other weapons, they would be just
as dangerous, but I do wonder if they're
serious about it. So that would be one
thing that at least would calm markets a
little bit if you thought there was less
chance that there would be a big war in
Iran. Then apparently President Trump
has said he's not planning to fire Fed
Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell and that
was roing the markets and making people
uh feel feel
uncertain but uh he's he's taken that
off the table. Do you think that will
calm the stock market? Yes, of course it
will because that was one of the big the
big issues. So, he's calming the market
that way. What else is he doing? Uh
Trump also said yesterday that the uh
huge tariffs on China will significantly
be reduced after he negotiates with
President Xi of
China. And he he uh expressed optimism
about getting a deal with China. and he
said 145% that's the current tariff he
has on China is very high. It won't be
that high. It's not going to be that
high. It won't be anywhere near that
high. Only Trump talks that way. Uh
Trump told reporters in the Oval uh it
will come down substantially but it
won't be zero. Wall Street Journal is
reporting on
this and apparently in
response, I think it's in response,
China signaled it was open to trade
talks with the US.
Um, yeah, I think it was in response,
they're open to trade talks, but not
under duress. In other words, if they're
being threatened, they're going to go to
war. But if we treat them with respect
and as you know legitimate peers then uh
they're going to be open to
talking. So that would certainly suggest
that the problem with China is
manageable. You know we're we're pretty
far from having a deal. But it suggests
that both the United States and China
are serious about getting to the other
side of this. So will that calm the
markets? Yes. Yes, it will. So, here's
the thing that I think Trump does so
well. He shakes the box and then he
says, "All right, did I get an advantage
here?" And if he didn't, he shakes it
again. And he just keeps shaking the box
until something looks like a Trump
advantage and then and then he uses the
advantage. So he got everybody just
worried to
death and and now when he says but you
know we can make a deal the people who
had been worried to death and that would
include China because you know China was
more than a little bit worried about
where this was
heading then they're just
emotionally they're just really really
wanting to get a deal. So he's created a
situation in which in theory China will
be far more emotionally committed to
getting it done because it was so
painful to think that it might not get
done. So it's one thing to be just, you
know, coldly calculating let's make a
business deal. It's another thing to
think we might all
die and then you've lived through they
might destroy our entire economy and
then you survive that and then you go to
negotiate and you're not thinking oh
what's a good business deal you're
thinking God I don't want to feel that
again so Trump creates a situation in
which people's emotional state is really
really triggered to make a deal you
can't beat that. That that that's the
ultimate negotiating uh technique. So,
we'll see. And I do think that Trump
will uh will will turn it from a you
know, we're in charge and we're going to
slap you down China. The moment he talks
to President Xi, it's going to be all
President Shi is an awesome guy. We know
he wants to make a fair deal. Uh we can
certainly work with China. it's going to
turn into that automatically and then
everybody will say,
"Oh, that sounds a lot
better." According to Reuters Ipsos's
poll, 37% of Americans approve of
Trump's handling of the economy. Of
course, it's going to be low because he
shook the
box. When he shakes the box, Americans,
too, are going to say, "Whoa, I don't
know about this." and and other
countries are going to say, "Well, I
don't know about
this." So, if he's doing everything
right, which is getting people afraid of
not making a
deal, then uh you'd expect that approval
of his economic policies would be low
for a while. But the only thing that
matters is how it turns out. if it turns
out well and he just gets better deals
with China and everybody else and I
think there's a pretty high possibility
that he gets better deals. I don't know
how much better but better. Um that
would presumably
change. According to the same poll,
nearly 75% of US adults said they're
worried about a
recession. That feels like aren't we
always worried about a recession?
It seems like that's not telling me
anything. 75% are kind of always worried
about a recession. There's because no
matter how good things are, somebody's
going to say it's a bubble. So, you're
always thinking, well, I'm a little bit
worried about a recession even though
things are going well. So, that doesn't
mean a
thing. Um, and then 56% said Trump's
retooling of the economy is quote too
erratic. Too
erratic or too perfect because he shakes
the box until everybody's ready to
negotiate. We'll see. We'll
see. Well, so I posted this on X
yesterday.
Um, the thing people were worried about
with Trump is that he was making the
economy unpredictable. Would you agree?
The the markets were acting like, uh-oh,
we don't know what's going to happen.
Could be bad, could be good, but we
don't know. So, the uncertainty was
making people, you know, act a little
crazy and stocks went down. But here's
what I'd like to add to the
conversation. We've never had certainty
in the economy. That was always an
illusion. No matter what the economy is,
you're always like five minutes away
from the whole thing falling apart for
some reason you didn't know about. It's
like, "Oh no, there's this big financial
problem we didn't know about. Oh no, the
the national debt is going to crush us,
you know, today instead of tomorrow."
There's never been a time the economy
was predictable. Now, somebody said to
me, "But you know, the S&P, the stock
market has been predictable if you look
at the long
term." But we weren't looking at the
long term recently. We were looking at
relatively short term. And the stock
market has gone down over
20% quite a few times. And 20% is
considered really bad. So, we've never
had a predictable economy, and we never
will. It's not even a thing. But to
imagine that what Trump did was turn a
predictable economy into an
unpredictable one, that's not
true. That's not true at all. He he made
it um he made us
uncomfortable and he shook the box
pretty hard, but it was always
thoroughly
unpredictable and it still
is. People feel like it's
not. and how they feel is what drives
the economy. Well, over in the UK,
according to the inside paper, uh
they're doing new
experiments. I can't even believe this
is real. Experiments to dim sunlight to
fight global warming. So, I guess that
means they'll be spraying something in
the air to dim the sunlight.
Now, I'm no
expert on the UK, but I can't think of
anything you could do with the UK to
make it less appealing to go there than
to have less
sunlight. The biggest problem with the
UK is not enough sunlight. It's the last
place on earth I'd be looking to reduce
the
sunlight. It's like, where did they come
up with that idea? Do they want no
tourism whatsoever? Do they want
everybody to move out who can afford it?
Yeah, let's let's let's have less
sunlight in the UK to try try to fight
global
warming. So, I guess those three days of
sunlight are going to go to
two. Well, speaking of Europe, um I
guess Apple and Meta both got these
gigantic hundreds of millions of dollar
fines by the uh European Union. And the
problem is uh that they they're not
complying with a 2022 law that was
passed in the European Union, the the
Digital Markets Act. And I guess the
Digital Markets Act was designed to make
it easier for smaller companies to
compete with these big platforms. Or
allegedly that's what it was. But I
wonder I wonder if that's really what it
was. Um both Apple and Meta are going to
appeal. I guess there's an appeals
process, but uh it's hundreds of
millions of dollars they're being fined
by the European Union for being
anti-competitive in ways that are
technical and not worth mentioning. So,
and whatever it is is not illegal in the
United
States. So, how do we put up with this?
I I realize that these big companies
have to conform to local laws, otherwise
they nothing's going to
work. Um,
but it feels like the European Union is
just trying to mess with the United
States in every way that it can. It It
just doesn't feel like they really mean
it. It's like they looked for something
that was bad for the United States and
then they implemented it. I don't know.
Looks sketchy to me.
Um apparently when Trump is talking to
the European Union with his trade
negotiations which um apparently will
happen soon that that might be one of
the topics. So it could be that they
were doing it for negotiating leverage
and they could say, "Well, you know,
maybe we could lower our tariffs a
little bit, but you know, maybe you
could get rid of these fines on our
American companies and let them let them
prosper overseas." We'll
see. Um, meanwhile, on CNN versus Scott
Jennings, that's that's the way I like
to think of CNN now. It's CNN versus
Scott Jennings, the uh conservative
commentator who's always schooling them.
Um, apparently Abby Phillip of CNN was
insisting that the reason that the
credibility of the major networks was
down was not the fault of the networks
themselves, that they're not responsible
for their own decrease in viewership and
credibility, but rather it's because of
right-wing rhetoric. So, it's the
right-wing rhetoric that's making CNN
and MSNBC lose their audience. Really?
Did Do you think the right-wing was
watching MSNBC and
CNN? I don't think so. And do you think
that the lefties are listening to
right-wing rhetoric about what they
should watch? I don't think so. Um, but
anyway, Scott Jennings wasn't having
that. So, here's what he said. The
reason that you've lost trust ought to
be obvious to you. And the way to fix it
is also ought to be obvious to you. And
has nothing to do with Donald Trump but
everything to do with the product.
Ouch. It has everything to do with the
product. Yeah, that is correct. If the
product were better, more people would
watch.
So he says, uh, just try to make a
better product that appeals to, uh, more
people. And the way you appeal to more
people is by not crapping on half or
more of the the
country. Now, let me challenge that a
little bit. Do you think that the
problem with CNN is that they're
crapping on half the
country? Because doesn't Fox News do the
same thing and Fox News is having, you
know, banner
traffic? So, and then I I asked myself,
hm, when you watch Fox News, are they
crapping on weirdos and politicians or
are they crapping on
Democrats? I don't know. Um, it just
seems to me that Fox News does a better
job of programming. Yeah, I've said this
a million times, but the producers at
Fox News just do a better job. They they
put together shows that you want to
watch so people watch
them. I I think the five and maybe Goff
held the two uh have an unusually high
audience of Democrats. You more than
you'd expect. And the reason is they're
good shows. That's it. It's a better
product. Where would you go on CNN to
watch something that you could stand um
if you were a
Republican? basically just watching
Scott
Jennings insult
them and try to correct their their
ideas. Anyway, so it doesn't look like
CNN or MSNBC will be able to fix
themselves. Speaking of MSNBC,
um you remember Jen Saki used to be the
spokesperson for Biden. So, she was on a
uh she was on a show, a podcast I think
with Dylan
Buyers,
and she was explaining what's uh going
on there. And she said that
uh she said that people tune in to uh
their their audience tunes in to see
coverage of Trump that is quote
typically not going to be positive.
So, she's admitting explicitly
um she's admitting explicitly that uh
the show is
anti-Trump and that that's what the
audience wants. So, apparently that's
what they're going to get. She says,
quote, "And we're also going to talk
about Trump and it's typically not going
to be positive." I don't think anybody
watching expects it to be positive,
right? Well, there it is.
that they're playing to the audience and
they're basically just saying negative
things about Trump because I think
that's what the audience wants. Um, she
says there's not like a North Star thing
written on a card and everybody does it
slightly differently, but I think that's
fairly the vibe. So, in other words,
management is not telling them make sure
you're anti-Trump all the time. It's
just that everybody knows it. So, how do
you maintain a
network where you're basically telling
people you're going to be biased all the
time? Well, that I guess the reduction
in uh traffic answers that
question. And then um you remember Rain
Wilson? He was one of the stars of that
TV show, The The Office. Uh I guess he's
got a podcast now. Now, I don't know if
he identifies as left or right, so but
it doesn't matter to the story. Um, he
had Stephanie Ru on, she's one of the
MSNBC hosts. And, uh, so Rain Wilson
said uh to her, 40% of Americans don't
trust mainstream media. Why is that? How
did we get here? And what Rule said was
Trump won and tons of people were
shocked or angry or frustrated and
they're tuning out. At the same time,
you have the Elon Musk media machine
because they want you to leave
traditional media and they want you to
go to X. So, she's blaming the lack of
trust in the mainstream as the shock
that Trump won and Elon Musk trying to
drive people to
X. Does that sound like she's nailed it?
Well, not according to Rain Wilson. He
goes, "This is where I would push back."
Left-leing news media organizations were
kind of like, "La, everything's fine.
Look, the economy is great. La,
immigration, not that much of a
problem." And really being Cleopatra,
queen of denial. And and he left out the
denial that uh that Biden's brain was
done. Do you think that was it? where if
you watch these shows, they were just
obviously ignoring
reality. It feels like it it feels like
they were so obviously ignoring reality
that uh their credibility would have to
take a
hit. Meanwhile, the Tesla earnings call
happened yesterday and no surprise, but
their earnings were down 71%. But I
guess the Model Y, their newest one, had
a historically best um ramp up of any of
their cars. So they've got a big hit
with the Model Y. They still made over
$400 million, but that would be a
billion dollars less than the first
quarter last year. And
um separately, I think Elon Musk said on
that call that he's confident that you
could sleep in your Tesla and wake up at
your destination by the end of this
year.
that that's what I've always dreamed of.
I've always dreamed of being able to
sleep in my car and then wake up at my
destination without worrying about it at
all. Can you imagine
travel? Like like imagine if you could
just tell your car, "Hey, um I'd like to
see
Arizona. So take me on a uh take me on a
tourist trip to Arizona. Uh, I'd like to
stay in a four or fivestar hotel. Um, so
make sure that every eight hours or so
you do that. And also make sure that you
you stop for lunch and a couple of pea
breaks and then you just take a nap or
read a book and and the next thing you
know you're somewhere else. That would
be the coolest the coolest experience.
It would also have to go charge itself.
So, we would have to know where the
charging stations are. But, uh, my take
on this is that, uh, I have not yet been
in a car that had the full self-driving
capability. So, I haven't experienced
it. But here's my guess that once you've
experienced it, you probably can't go
back. It It feels like something like a
smartphone versus a flip phone. when you
tried the the smartphone first even
though it couldn't do a lot with you
know 3G and everything there was no
going back like it very few people would
get a smartphone and then say you know
what ah I'm going back to my flip phone
some you know old people did but
basically it was a one-way trip I feel
like this this self-driving car once
it's really genuinely fully self-driving
and genuinely way safer than a human
driving. I don't feel like you can go
back because I really don't like
driving, especially in, you know, in
areas where the the traffic is heavy.
So, if I could go places without driving
and I could just get in this thing, it
would take me somewhere, I don't think I
could ever go back.
Uh, also Mus says he's going to allocate
more time to the company and less time
to Doge because he's got most of the
Doge stuff set up. And he says the large
slug of work necessary to get the Doge
team in place is mostly done. I'll
continue to spend one to two days per
week as long as the president wants me,
but I think that could only be through
May, right? Because he's he's got that
130day limit.
Um, but he also
said that uh he won't have a problem
getting rare earth minerals from China,
which is interesting. Uh, he said on the
earnings call that he'd be able to get
China's rare earth minerals for Tesla
Motors. Um, and all he has to do is
prove that it won't be used for military
purposes. Now, do you think China really
made an exception for Elon Musk?
And the answer is I think they did. I
don't think everybody can get rare earth
minerals from China, at least under the
current, you know, tariff
situation. I think that Elon Musk played
China just right for the benefit of his
company, which is he he was never in
favor of tariffs.
And imagine how much uh China
appreciated that because they know he's
you know important to the opinion in the
United States. So China had to love the
fact that he was
anti-tariff or at least anti-tariff war.
But also they've the cyber cab um is
being built in a in a giga Shanghai
factory and uh he thinks he could get
the the pace of building one of these
cyber cabs. Now th those would be the
things that are uh self-driving cabs.
They don't even have steering wheels, so
there won't be even a driver there. But
he thinks he can get them built six to
seven times faster than the Model
Y. And uh they would build a vehicle
every 33
seconds. Oh no, that that's what the
Model Y was. The goal is to build a
cyber cab every 5
seconds. Isn't that incredible that they
could produce one every 5 seconds?
So, I don't know how big the market will
be for these cyber cabs, but if the
price of using them is reasonable,
uh I feel like a whole lot of people
will just say, "Why have a
car?" You know, that there's no point
having a car if you can just use your
phone and a cyber cab pulls up in front
of your house and you can you can tell
when it's coming. Like
Uber, I don't know. I don't know how big
that market could be, but it could be
really big. All
right, here's one of those stories that
if you didn't already know a lot about
the background of it, it wouldn't mean
anything to you. So, if I told you that
Jennifer Rubin and Norm Eisen have a
podcast and you were not deep into
politics, that wouldn't mean anything to
you, would it? But if you knew who Norm
Eisen and Jennifer Rubin
are, then suddenly it would take on some
meaning. And apparently they were
talking on their podcast and they they'd
like to create what Jen Rubin called the
NATO of
NOS. In other words,
a a
organization that's a combination of
various non-government
organizations that would
coordinate for what
purpose? Why why would she want these
NOS's to be coordinated?
That's a shadow
government. I feel like they were
talking openly about creating a shadow
government like right in front of us
because if you get enough of these NOS's
that would be able to influence
censorship in every country which would
influence who gets elected. It would
influence all the politics. It would
influence everything. Um, and maybe it
would they would uh coordinate the NOS's
to play favorites with different
countries so you could have influence
over different governments. This is the
scariest freaking thing I've ever seen
in my life. But because it's a little
technical and you'd sort of have to know
the background and you'd have to know
that, you know, the you'd have to know
the resume of the people
involved. It doesn't really carry as a
story. In other words, it probably will
never be a headline because the public
wouldn't have enough background to even
understand the the level of risk. But,
uh, Mike Benz basically says this is the
sort of thing he has nightmares over.
The NATO of NOS's literally would be a
shadow government for the whole world.
For the whole world, a shadow government
for the world. And they're talking about
it
openly. It's just incredible. And I
think they can talk about it openly cuz
none of it's
illegal. It's just really
really something I don't want. But not
illegal. In other news, a single dose of
psychedelics have been shown to boost
brain flexibility for weeks. So
apparently you guess it benefits from
depression, PTSD, and neurogenerative
diseases.
Uh this is according to the University
of Michigan researchers and the genomic
press is talking about this and they
said what makes this discovery
particularly significant is the
sustained duration. So you only need the
one dose of a psychedelic and you get
weeks of benefit from
various pretty pretty damning uh or
damaging mental problems.
Now, how many times have you heard the
same
story? Every time they test psychedelics
to see if it gives people better mental
health, every time it's the same answer.
Yes. Yes. Super yes. Absolutely. Yes.
And And do they need to know that they
only need to do it once? I think every
time they've tested it, they only had to
do it once and it
lasted. I've told you from my own one
experience with psychedelics, uh, when I
was in my 20s, it changed my brain
completely and it never changed back.
Um, and I'm pretty sure it was a
positive change. So, yes. Yes,
psychedelics, one treatment can
completely change your life from a whole
bunch of different pretty big problems.
You know, depression, PTSD, I don't know
about anxiety, but it seems like that
would be on the list. So, yeah, how many
times do we have to study this before we
just say, "All right, let's just let's
just make this part of popular
medicine." It's time.
In drone news, the US Army's got this
solar powered spy plane that has a
thousand mile
range according to interesting
engineering. Um, it's easy to operate
and it looks great. But what caught my
eye is that it's being developed by a
California-based company, uh, Krauss
Hemdani
Aerospace. And the the amazing thing is
not that it can go a thousand miles on
solar power. The amazing thing is that
California can have a company that
works. How many drone companies are
there in the United States? Now, now
given that we
know our military is going to need just
just infinite drones. So, we know that
for sure and we know we don't want to
depend on some other country to make
them.
So, wouldn't you like to see like a like
a dashboard or something to show you how
many manufacturing facilities have been
built that can make
drones cuz it might be a
lot. But if it's only a few, well, I'm
going to be a little worried because we
need to make a million drones really
fast because other people are going to
have a million drones and we don't want
to be on the other side of that.
So anyway, California can make drones.
How about
that? All right, ladies and gentlemen,
that's all I've got for you today. I'm
going to say hi to the locals people
privately, but if you're on X or YouTube
or Rumble, thanks for joining and I'll
see you at the same time tomorrow where
we'll settle all the problems of the
world. All right, locals coming at you
in 30 seconds privately.