will be that X won't work today for
reasons I don't know but I think YouTube
is working so we should be better than
we were doing
but still not perfectly
happy. Let me get your local comments
going again. So this is attempt number
two. The technology
is trying to thwart
me, but I will not be
thwarted. I
refuse. No
thorting. All
right. What do you think, Paul? I think
X is not working, but uh YouTube
is. We'll go with that. You ready for
that? All right. First story. I already
said uh they're going to be Optimus
robots on Mars. Um I already feel sorry
for them cuz don't you think the robots
are going to be stranded on
Mars and they don't have, you know, they
don't have personalities and stuff. But
wouldn't you feel super bad if you sent
a robot that could walk and talk and you
know act like a like it's ascension
being and then you just leave it on Mars
until the Mars conditions destroy it? I
don't know. I I literally feel bad for
the
robots. So that's happening.
Um, so there's a, according to the
postmillennial, the uh, support for
nuclear power in the United States is at
an all-time high.
61% of adults are pro- nuclear power.
We'll get to all the tariff stuff and
the stock market and stuff.
Um now in
2016, most of you know if you're my
regulars,
uh you know that uh I started trying to
persuade the country that nuclear power
was the only thing that was going to
save
them. And I wasn't the only one. Of
course, you know, Mark Schneider and
Michael Shelonburgger and Zion Lights
and some other really smart people. But
uh I I have the weirdest um
experience which is sometimes when I try
to change things, they do change and I
never know if I made a difference or if
I just got lucky or I'm really good at
jumping in front of a parade that's
already going to happen. And this is one
of
them. So, but the good news
is I was on the right side, the right
side of history. In other news, Trump
signed an executive order to get rid of
the what he calls the dumb Obama Biden
shower head regulations. So now you got
toilets that'll flush and showers
that'll wash your hair and light bulbs
that'll make you happy. Um, my timing
could not be worse.
Literally
yesterday, uh Ouay walked by and said,
"Hey, the
uh the the plumbing for your bathroom."
Cuz he's been working on the bathroom
for a while. Uh just came in. So, I got
all new fixtures for my bathroom that I
have to throw
away. They're brand new. They're
literally not even installed. I might
just shake can them right away cuz I'm
not going to put on any
lowflow stuff if the executive order
says I can have high flow and I don't
think there's any way to rig them now. I
think they just, you know, weld in the
uh the lowflow stuff. So, I don't know
if you know how expensive it is to get
new shower parts, you know, the the the
hardware that goes in the shower, but I
think I have to throw them all away cuz
I can't possibly use them. I would never
use the lowflow stuff. So, that was the
most expensive thing I've done to
upgrade my house. Literally garbage.
Well, according to Slay News, the Trump
White House says it will not respond to
emails from reporters that that include
their preferred
pronouns. And it's funny because I have
exactly the same policy. If I get a
email from a reporter who has their
preferred pronouns, I will not answer
uh I will not answer that.
I guess I've got to turn off that
alert. Somebody doesn't know that this
is never the time to send me a text
message.
Never.
Never. All right, let's talk about uh
Trump and the tariff strategies. As you
know, the stock market uh zoomed up
yesterday. Today, it's going to give
back a little. No surprise. I think
everybody who uh everybody who noticed
that it went up yesterday. Probably you
all thought it's not going to stay
there. It's going to bobble around for a
while. But uh I'm going to give you my
take on what was intentional and what
wasn't and what was 4D chess and what
isn't and it'll be a little different
from what I think you've heard anywhere
else.
Uh the first thing is when you're
listening to people talk about the stock
market, uh you want to figure out, you
know, after you know what's true, you
want to figure out who got it right.
What did I tell you about how quickly
the stock market could
recover? I didn't say it would
automatically be fast, and I didn't say
it would be slow. I told you that it
would depend on the reason it went down
in the first place. and that not all
reasons are the same. So if the stock
market had gone down because a world war
broke broke out, well, it's probably not
going up anytime soon or you ran out of
oil everywhere in the world.
Well, good luck with your stock market.
It would take years or decades if it
ever came back. But what we had was a
uncertaintybased decline in the stock
market.
And so I reasoned correctly that if you
reduce the uncertainty, it would just
sort of pop back. Now, it's not a done
deal because there'll be more
uncertainty. There's going to be ups and
downs and the stock market will follow
the, you know, the uncertainty up and
down. But I think I had the best call on
the stock market. The best call was that
we had a something that could be easily
reversed and as soon as it was stock
market went up. Now of course it's going
to give back a little bit but uh so
that's the first thing. Um it does feel
as if even if the stock market is
depressed for a little bit that there's
nothing permanent about it that it's
really just responding to Trump and his
policies and uncertainty and if Trump
reduces the uncertainty when he's ready
to do that should be fine. That's what I
say. Uh uncertainty is probably the
simplest thing that a stock market can
fix if the uncertainty is in uh
intentionally being in inserted by a
president and he can intentionally take
it away when he's ready to. So that
should be the easiest fix of all time.
All right, here's what I think Trump was
doing.
Um, I do not believe that there was a
master plan with every step figured out
in advance and that he was just playing
the world. I don't think it was that. I
think he was doing what he usually does,
which is he shakes the box. He he gets
everybody agitated and then suddenly
he's the most important person in the
world again. I mean, being president of
the United States could get you halfway
there. Uh, maybe more than half. But he
needed people to to take the tariff
negotiations seriously and to put it at
the top of their list of things that
they needed to do. And he did that. So,
what I always tell you about persuasion
is step number one of persuasion is you
have to get attention. If you can't get
attention, it doesn't matter what else
you do. Your persuasion is not going to
make any difference. So Trump is the
best of all time at getting attention.
So he shook the box like crazy. He had
all kinds of uncertainty and who knows
what he's doing and did he go crazy? Is
the world going to be destroyed? Hey,
what happened to my stocks? It was just
wonderfully
um uncertain.
Now, in a situation where everybody is
uncertain, it's sort of like the uh the
land of the blind, where the oneeyed
person in the land of the blind is the
king. That's sort of what Trump is
because he's the only one who kind of
does know what he wants and he does know
what he might do and he does know how
long stuff will last and he does know
what a good deal will look like or not
look like.
So, the fact that he made everybody else
uncertain is why they started calling
and jumping on planes and saying, "Uh,
can we have a meeting cuz maybe we
should negotiate our trade." So, the
uncertainty is his almost his signature
move for persuasion. He gets everybody
riled up, makes whatever he cares about
their most important topic, too. He He
certainly got that done. and uh then
everybody's trying to deal with it and
trying to work through their own
uncertainty. And this is another
persuasion trick. Um when people feel
uncertain, they will gravitate toward
anybody who is
certain. So as long as Trump remains uh
confident that he knows exactly how
everything should go, people would be
drawn to him as the solver because they
don't know how everything should go.
They don't know what he's going to say.
They they just don't know how long it
will last. They don't know how bad it
will be. But Trump kind of does. And and
so this makes him the most important
person in the
conversation for something that's
affecting every country in a big way all
at the same time. So kind of brilliant.
Um, now of course there's a the in terms
of the 90-day
pause that part I don't think was
planned a long time ago. Um I I do buy
the Charles
Gasparini take that uh what was
happening is that Japan the citizens
were selling off treasuries US
treasuries which would cause our
interest rates to spike and that's no
bueno. So I think uh just uh did I say
China or Japan? I meant Japan. Uh, I
think Japan selling our treasuries
probably was what pushed him into the
90-day pause. And, you know, Bill Aman
had mentioned it. Joel Pollock had
mentioned it before it happened. So,
people were talking it up that it that a
90-day pause makes sense. And it did
make sense because by then 75 countries
had already said, uh, could we send
somebody over there to negotiate this
right away? how can we get in the front
of the list? Um, and Trump did his other
great persuasion thing where he tries to
make the biggest distinction between
people who are doing what he wants and
people who are not. So he he said for
example several times that uh Japan uh
did not
retaliate and that's that's rule number
one. if you don't retaliate and you say,
"Can we work out a deal?" You're our
best friend. So, he made sure that
everybody knew that Japan had played it
correctly. Now, at the same time, they
were selling bonds. So, you know, but
that's the government versus individual
investors, I think.
So, Japan played it right and in a very
I hate to say it, but it's a very a very
Japan-like way. They didn't cause
trouble. They they tried to be nice and
polite to everybody. And boy, did that
work. It worked perfectly. So, so Trump
is telling everybody they're first in
line. You know, they're the first ones
in line. Now, of course, we also want to
get a better deal. So, you know, being
first in line means first in line for
something that's good for us, too. So,
then if you didn't do those things, then
you're
China. So, he made this huge distinction
between doing what is friendly to the
United States and doing what's not
friendly. So, that's good persuasion.
You don't want to act like those two
things are almost the same. You want the
biggest possible distinction between
good behavior and bad behavior. He's so
good at that and that's that's good
persuasion. Um, he also created a
situation where it would seem that our
allies would need trade deals with us,
new ones that are good for us more than
we need it.
Now, that might not be true, but it
created uh such uncertainty with our
allies that they they act like they need
the deal more than we do because they're
they're calling they're they're saying,
"Can we talk? Can we fly in? Can we can
we have a meeting?"
So
somehow, and this is this is kind of
magical persuasion, he made his top
priority not just their important
priority, too. But somehow he turned it
into it's even more important for
them, at least they're acting that way.
So that's good.
Um, so he so I guess the uh the play is
that he's going to do individual deals
with 75 different entities, but it looks
like the individual deals uh won't be
just reciprocal tariffs because he's
throwing in defense.
So, for example, if we're going to uh do
the I if the reason that your country is
safe in terms of security and defense is
because the United States has a big navy
around you or has the potential to put
one there,
then maybe you get uh maybe you should
pay a little more on the trade deals.
So, he's bringing in more variables.
I've told you before this is great
persuasion. Um, you introduce new
variables and you bring them in. So,
they're not just
negotiating duties and VAT taxes and um
and
tariffs. He's basically bringing in our
security umbrella and saying, "Hey, if
you want to be part of this security
umbrella, maybe you should be real
flexible on trade." And it makes sense
because you know a lot of this a lot of
the stuff that we're looking at now is
uh
historically um something that made
sense at one point. These countries were
developing and we thought oh if we
develop them into good markets we can
sell them stuff and we can use them for
source of raw materials and everybody
wins. But now that many of these
countries are doing fine it makes sense
to renegotiate. So, I think Trump is
right on point with at least what he
wants to
do. Um, the other thing that Trump does,
you know, you you heard a lot of people
say all all of our allied countries are
mad at us and they're they're mad at
Trump and this is surely going to lead
to
destruction. I never believed that was
true because I think countries are kind
of transactional. If something's good
for the other country, then they're fine
with it. If it's bad for them, they'll
have lots of reasons they're not fine
with it. But basically, it's just
transactional. What's good for another
country, they're going to like. And as
soon as he turned from, you know, I'm
going to give you all these massive
tariffs to, oh, if you don't
retaliate, it looks like we can u work
out a deal. Everybody wins. You get some
security. We get some better deals.
And it feels like almost like a dating
technique where he's negging, if you
ever heard of that, where where you say
things that
are
insulting, literally insulting to the
people that you want to woo. Uh so in
dating it would be a man giving a small
insult to a woman and then she would
sort of try to defend herself and you
know argue that you should like her
more. That's I'm simplifying but that's
basically it. But Trump does this with
our allies. He naggs them. So he gives
them like little insulting things and
then they weirdly they get mad and then
you think well that's that's all bad.
Why did he insult our friends and then
they get mad at us? That's not good. But
weirdly it can create this situation
where they want to work extra hard to be
your
friend because they're they're they're
sort of inclined to want to be our
friends. Meaning that they want to get
along with America. that's just a good
idea. And so if he negs them with his
little insults and jabs and stuff, uh it
has this this unexpected impact, which
is what negging is
that once once the uh let's say the
smoke
settles, they just try a little harder
to be your friend because they don't
want to get insulted
again. So there might be some of that
going on.
Anyway,
um part of the the magic that happened
was uh um China got isolated. So by
China saying, you know, you
can't tariff us more than we can tariff
you, you know, you'll be sorry, it kind
of made 75 countries look
reasonable and like, oh, hey, we got 75
friends who all want to do the right
thing. Yay. Are 75 countries doing
great? And then China looks extra evil
because he's created this contrast
between people who were acting, you
know, responsibly and people who were
just trying to pick a fight, it looks
like. So that's good. Now, how much of
that was planned in advance, I don't
know. So my take on Trump is
this. If he creates
confusion, he knows that he can um
thrive in that atmosphere. He knows that
people will want to do whatever it takes
to reduce their own confusion and
uncertainty and that gives him a huge
advantage. So he's created essentially
assets out of nothing. He created this
gigantic uncertainty and fear that just
wasn't there before and then suddenly 75
countries want to do a deal with
you. That's pretty good persuasion.
That's pretty
good. Anyway,
[Music]
um so I think uh there are basically two
ways for uh Trump to win with China and
uh it feels like there's no way to
lose which is not to say that it
wouldn't be expensive and you know have
some downside but the two ways to win
would be number one you uh make tariff
deals with China that are all Fair.
Anybody think that's going to
happen? Do you think China is going to
deal with us? They said they would. They
I think today they said, "Oh, we'll
we'll talk to you about
tariffs." I don't think so because they
also steal our IP and why would we put
up with that? Uh they also, you know,
make it really hard to do business over
there. Why would we put up with that?
they, you know, are massively spying on
our our businesses over there. Why would
we put up with that? So, I don't think
we're necessarily going to make a trade
deal. I think it's more likely that
we'll create this big um trading block,
the 75 countries plus the US plus
whoever else joins, and that that
trading block would be an alternative to
China. Now, at the moment, China still
has a, you know, a vice grip on some
things that you can't get other
places, but that's not permanent. You
know, there there's nothing about the
rare earth minerals that says they can't
be produced by, you know, Canada or uh
Australia or somebody who would be
perfectly willing to sell them to us.
So, I've got a feeling that the
long-term plan, which is probably
necessary for survival, is to make sure
that China is not uh in control of our
future. And that might require some
couple years of bad news, you know,
maybe less growth and that sort of
thing, but we'll see. So, I think the
long-term uh Trump's got the advantage.
He's also threatened to end
pharmaceutical tariff exemptions
according to the
BBC. Um, and the reason he would want to
put uh tariffs on pharmaceuticals is
that it would help get them out of
China. Now, I thought pharmaceuticals,
the story was going to be uh we don't
know how to make them anymore, so China
has to do it. But it turns out that the
US is one of the top pharmaceutical
manufacturing countries. So I guess we
do know how to we do know how to do that
stuff. So we don't need to do it in
China. It was just some kind of economic
advantage I guess. So if we get the rare
earth minerals and we get the
pharmaceuticals and we get the
electronics,
um we don't need China.
those those three industries and they're
all doable. It's just not
fast. Um the European Union has agreed
to buy more American uh gas. You know,
the the the liqufied not what what would
you call it? The uh the kind of gas that
you don't put in your car.
Now to me, buying energy is going to be
the fastest way for these other
countries, the allied countries to uh
close the trade gap. So if there's a
country that uh LNG, thank you, the LNG
gas. So if there are countries that are
selling us more than we're but than
we're selling them and they want to
close that gap quickly because it would
help them with the overall tariff
negotiations, then one way to do it is
to buy energy from the United States and
commit to it because everybody's going
to need a lot more energy and energy is
really expensive and apparently we have
the ability to deliver it, you know, at
least LNG um to a lot of places. So, I
think you're going to see a whole bunch
of deals. I think South Korea is already
talking about that exact kind of thing.
Um, but the EU is already trying to get
in there and say, "We'll buy more
American gas." So, here's what I think
it looks like. It's going to look like
the US saying, "Our military is part of
your security. We need you to buy more
of our energy and that will close our,
you know, our gap in uh in imports and
exports and uh we need fairer trade
deals and I think there's a real good
chance that Trump's going to get a lot
of that if not all of
it. According to the uh Wall Street
Journal, other countries are pondering
what to do because Trump's U-turn, the
Wall Street Journal calls it a U-turn,
has left governments around the world
pondering how to approach the US that
has become nearly impossible to predict.
Well, let me give some advice to the
countries that are trying to figure out
how to deal with a US that's now
impossible to predict.
make an appointment, make a phone call,
and come in here and offer us a better
trade
deal. That's it. It's not complicated.
There there's one thing that Trump wants
at the moment. He wants better trade
deals. So, if you're not if you're not
flying over here, you're not trying to
get somebody on the phone, you're not
looking at your own trade deals and
saying, "hm, where where could we make
this a little more fair?" You're not
doing
anything. All we want is better trade
deals. So maybe you should be doing what
the EU is doing, offering to buy more
LNG. Maybe you should be making an
appointment, getting on the plane like
China. I'm sorry, like Japan. So it's
not too hard. Wall Street Journal. They
they know what to
do. Anyway,
um the uh Chinese one, their currency
just hit an 18-year low. I don't know if
that's changed since this morning, but
their currency has taken a hit. And uh
there's reports that the uh the big
Trump uh tariff on China,
125%. Is uh creating some panic among
the Amazon sellers in China.
Um, so that's not good for
China. And but here's the thing. One of
the other big problems with China is
they keep stealing our intellectual
property. You probably heard Mr.
Wonderful talking about that. And it's
not a little bit, it's massive.
You've heard me complain about if I if I
were to write a new book and put it on
Amazon
tomorrow, it would take about 10 minutes
before there were five different stolen
copies of my book with practically the
same, you know, cover and title that are
from, I think, China.
So the the massive amount of
intellectual property stealing seems
like something that has to be fixed. But
do you think that China would agree to
stop doing it and then actually stop
doing it? I say no. There there must be
something baked into the Chinese system
where unfortunately a number of them are
thieves. Now they probably don't see it
that way. They probably just think it's
being competitive or something. But we
really can't deal with China in the long
run if they're just stealing everything
that's our intellectual property. So
probably our long term is to make sure
we have a clean break and let China just
do its thing while we do our thing. So,
I don't think you can fix massive theft
of your intellectual property that's so
so completely universal and so built
into the system that it happens every
time and it happens fast and it's a lot.
I don't think you can reverse that. So,
sometimes you just have to say, you
know, we can't be
friends. That's what I think.
Um, so the Trump has ordered the
Department of Justice to investigate
this author who was anonymous for a
while, this guy Miles Taylor. Uh, Trump
said he thinks he's guilty of treason.
So, this is the guy who wrote a
book and
uh said that uh the book was called what
was it called?
um called a warning in 2019. So he said
he was a you know a Trump insider kind
of a staffer and that he had all these
terrible secrets and he put him in a
book. Well, turns out he wasn't very
close to
anybody. So it looked
like there's something sketchy going on
there. So apparently the uh Department
of Justice is going to look into that
guy. But at the same time, there's a
similar order against
um Chris Krebs, the former director of
cyber security and infrastructure
security, CISA. Um and I guess Trump
fired him in 2020 for claiming that that
that year's election was the most secure
in American history. Now, he's he's the
he was sort of a leading face going
around saying that the 2020 election was
one of the most secure, most audited,
most checked,
um, cleanest election of
all. Um, and Trump said, "We're going to
find out about this guy, too, because
this guy's a wise guy." But here's my
question. What exactly is his alleged
crime? You know, I was watching some
videos of what he was doing back in
2020, and he was doing that thing that
the Democrats were doing, which is
pretending that if you audited
um or if there were uh let's say legal
challenges that didn't work, that that
was proof positive that the elections
were as clean as a
whistle. Now, that's not even logical.
Those are just two things that can check
a few
things. That doesn't tell you the whole
thing is not is good. Now, I don't know
of any specific, you know,
irregularities. Personally, I don't know
what to believe about that election. I
mean, it looked suspicious to me, but I
don't have any proof of that. So, I
don't know exactly what would be the
alleged crime they'd be looking into.
Um, I hope this is not entirely based on
Trump's view that it must have been
crooked and that this guy must have
known because it must have been crooked.
I don't know. I I feel like you might
need a little bit more than that to drag
somebody into a um sort of a lawfare
web. I'm not totally comfortable with
this one.
Um, are you how many of you think that
Trump has made the case that uh that
this individual Krebs should be
investigated? There might be a good
reason, but I didn't see it. Um, it just
looked like a suspicion that if somebody
said this was a good election and said
it a lot,
uh, and you were positive it wasn't that
there must be something
there. Beverly says, "Yes, hunt them
back. You're done playing a nice
guy." All right. Well, I don't think
that's the right answer. So, I don't
think hunt them back is the right
solution ever. Um, unless there's actual
evidence of potential crimes. There
might be, but I don't know. That one
makes me
uncomfortable. As you know, uh, Chuck
Schumer, Senator Schumer is a monster.
Uh, I saw a video, I think Western
Lensman was the source of that, where
uh, Chuck Schumer is in a hallway, one
of the official hallways, and a reporter
is trying to get him to comment on the
Tesla uh, violent
protests. And uh, so after asking
several times, do you have anything to
say about the Tesla violent protests?
Schumer says, quote, "I can't talk about
Tesla, but Elon Musk is a disaster for
America, and America knows it. Look at
Wisconsin. I can't talk about
Tesla." The question was, "What do you
think about the violent
protests?" He couldn't think of anything
to to Why can't he talk about
Tesla? It's a very big story.
He's a monster. The the fact that he was
not willing to say, you know, I I
disavow the violence. I hope none of
that happens. I don't want to see
anybody's, you know, car get keyed
because they're made in America. There
were a million things he could have
said, but I can't talk about
Tesla. That suggests he is completely on
board with violence. I don't know how
else to see it. Now, you might you might
know if you watch this show or you're
familiar with what Mike Benz does, which
is the the smart version. Um, you know,
we're we're in the middle of a violent
insurrection, right? That we are being
color revolutioned and that all the same
people, the people who are experts at
doing color revolutions are doing it to
America. They tried it in the first term
of Trump before we knew what it meant
and before we could recognize it. But
now we've been trained. We know exactly
what it looks like. It would be massive
fake protests. Check. It would be trying
to corrupt the judges and the
prosecutors and the attorney generals.
Check. That's what they've done. Um
there would be control of the media. of
the media would have a message that this
uh populist who you know somehow has a
lot of popular support is really the
devil and the media is all agreed on
that
check. So the these are all the things
that uh are absolutely guaranteed to be
part of an insurrection and it's
happening right now while we watch. But
because most of the country doesn't know
what I just told you, uh it's you just
have to be kind of a nerd and really pay
attention to a lot of stuff
online, people let it happen. Or maybe
half of the country wants it to happen,
so they don't care how legal or ethical
or moral it is. Uh but we're right there
now.
Um, it also makes me wonder, uh, how
many of our corrupt leaders like like
Schumer, how many of them does Doge
already have the goods on? As in, does
anybody know how Schumer made his money?
because I've got a feeling that
Musk might have a list of politicians
who just ab absolutely have a, you know,
a trail of money from, you know, some
government funding or some outside
corrupt source right into their pockets.
And uh Schumer would be the top one that
I would
suspect based on the way he
operates. All right.
Um, so it turns out the Department of
Justice is going to go after the money
people, the organizers behind the Tesla
domestic
violence. And I don't think they have
ever tried that before. I don't think
they tried it with Antifa or Black Lives
Matter. But we're smarter now. So now we
know that these are not organic. We know
that they're organized. And we even know
for the most part we know which NOS's
and which entities and which
billionaires are doing it
all. So um the the thinking is and Elon
Musk seems to think this is going to
happen that uh the government or the
department of justice will look into who
is behind it all and that they might go
to jail.
Do you believe that the people who
organized it, the fake protests and the
domestic
um extremism or terrorism against the
cars and some of the people? Do you do
you think the government's going to
actually put in jail the
organizers? That would be an amazing
thing.
Um I'm not again I'm not sure
exactly you know what crime would would
be uh the one that would get him but uh
that's pretty that's pretty interesting.
So who whoever is bankrolling the
domestic uh terrorism might have some
questions to answer and uh Attorney
General Bondi warned that no one not the
foot soldiers not the finan financeers
will escape justice.
In other news, Trump's one of Trump's
executive orders, he's getting busy with
lots more executive orders, um would uh
prohibit the states from using climate
change ideology to our various
energy
projects. So, this could be a really big
deal. So, the attorney general shall
expeditiously take all appropriate
action to stop the enforcement of state
laws and continuation of civil actions
identified in blah blah blah um that the
attorney general determines to be
illegal. So, I guess states have sued
energy companies for supposed climate
change harm uh under under nuisance and
uh other tort regimes.
So the idea here is that um the states
are completely broken and if you try to
make their energy less expensive, the
state would find some way not to do it
by continuously chasing climate change,
you know, objectives
instead. So I like this one. We'll see
if it makes any difference, but could
make a huge difference. Imagine if
imagine if there were no climate change
considerations to any energy decisions
made in my
state. I feel like my price of gas would
not be twice what yours is, which is
what it is. It's roughly
twice what the red states pay for gas.
Twice. And what do I get extra? I don't
even get security that it will be there
tomorrow. You know, the very the very
least you'd expect if you're paying
twice as much for gas in your state is
that they're guaranteed to have gas. I
don't even get that. I'm not We're not
guaranteed anything. We're just paying
paying
more.
Anyway, as you know, Doge has made a
number of projections of savings, and it
turns out that uh this group called the
Hamilton Project came up with a chart
that shows that uh 2025 outlays or what
we're going to spend on the budget would
be flat compared to 2024, which would
make it look like Doge didn't do
anything, that the budget would just
stay the same. Now, uh, but fortunately,
um, brand new chief economist Julia
Pollock did a post on X to show the
trick that they used. And, uh, the trick
that they used is the chart, as Julia
Pollock explains, uh, the chart omits
prior years and therefore hides the
prior trend. And let's talk about what's
missing. So in
2023, the federal outlays, you know, the
the budget were were 6.13 trillion. The
next year, they jumped up 10% to
6.75. So that's sort of what the trend
was. So the trend was never that
spending was flat. The trend was always
that it kept going up no matter what you
did. And 10% is a lot in one year.
So, as uh Julia points out, uh flat from
2024 to 2025 isn't nothing happened. And
indeed, it's huge because it's uh it's
the first break from the autopilot
uh goes up every year by some 10% or so.
If if the only thing you could do is
keep is keep spending flat in a context
in which there's some
inflation, which we do have, and there's
some growth, which we do have, you would
get to a much better place than where we
are. So, keeping things flat is a big
cut. It's the difference between 10% up
and, you know, chipping away at with the
just the baseline uh inflation
rate. So, that's good
work. Let's see. Um, our top banker in
the country, I always call him that. uh
JP Morgan banker Jamie
Diamond thinks there'll be more uh
defaults which is people who can't pay
their debts and so they have to default.
He was on uh Fox News talking to Maria
Border Roma and he says I think you're
going to see a slowdown in the economy
and he he said expects more defaults. We
haven't seen them much yet, but you'll
see more credit problems than people
have seen in a long time. Um,
maybe that might be what happens. But I
think a lot depends on what happens with
the tariff negotiations. You know, if if
uh if Trump ends up lowering taxes for
at least a lot of people and uh getting
our our our trade thing better
negotiated,
um and then Doge is keeping our expenses
from running out of control.
um things could fairly quickly get back
to where you want them to be. Let's look
at
inflation. So March inflation
uh our inflation rate was
2.4%. Uh which is below expectations
which were 2.5 and the core CPI
um increased uh
2.8 compared to forecasts of three. So
there is inflation, but it doesn't seem
to be at at killer levels. So it's
actually weirdly under
control. Did you know that the uh I saw
this on the Amuse account on X? Did you
know that the Chinese Communist Party um
passed a law that requires all Chinese
students abroad to participate in
intelligence gathering? It's actually
the law.
So if you were a Chinese student, you
know, as in born in China and you were
in school here, you would have to be
involved in intelligence gathering.
You'd have to be. It's the law for
China. But uh a senator Moody uh one of
ours uh says the United States should
immediately stop issuing student visas
because all the students are spies. They
might not want to be and they may not
have been raised to be spies, but if the
Chinese government says you must be a
spy, I guess they
are. So, yeah, I think we should talk
about why are we uh educating them at
all. Speaking of which, Laura Loomer got
another scoop. I'd never heard this
before, but apparently uh President Xi
of China uh has a daughter who went to
Harvard and now lives in the United
States. Um and of course that raises a
question. Let's say President Xi's
daughter went to Harvard and now lives
in the United States. You know what I
worry? I worry that Harvard turned that
woman communist.
No. All right. Um, speaking of China,
New York Post has an article that says
there's a a meta whistleblower. So, a
whistleblower about the company Meta,
you know, Facebook.
Um, and it says that Meta actively
helped China in the race to develop
artificial
intelligence as part of its effort to
make China like it so it can do more
business in China. Do you believe that?
Do you believe that Meta was helping
China develop technology to out compete
the United States?
um particularly in I think AI was one of
the categories and that uh they did it
so that they could act get access to the
Chinese market. Does that sound real to
you? Um here's more to the story. The
details are that Meta became began
providing briefings to the Chinese
Communist Party as early as 2015.
Oh, so Meta was giving China
briefings about key technologies and
whatnot.
Briefings while they were pursuing
something called Project Uldren, uh,
which was their effort to get more
access to the Chinese
market. Now, here's my Dilbert take on
that. Nothing ever came out of a
briefing.
Do you do you think that Meta gave them
a briefing and then the people at the
briefing went out and said, "Now I
finally know how to make AI and then
develop Deep Seek." I don't think so. I
I don't know how much value you can get
out of a
briefing, but it doesn't scream that
that Meta was giving up the United
States for economic advantage.
It kind of screams that they were trying
to play along and be
friendly, give them some highlevel
information that they probably could
have Googled and uh tried to get access
to the markets. So, I'm going to say the
whistleblower doesn't sound persuasive
to
me. Um, I'm going to need more than
knowing that they gave some
briefings. Uh if if they said our
engineers will work with your engineers
to transfer our technical knowledge,
then I would say whoa that's terrible.
That's pretty bad. But it doesn't say
that at all. It sounds like they weren't
even talking to engineers. They were
talking to the Chinese Communist Party
and giving them
briefings. H how much value have you
ever gotten out of a
briefing? Not enough to build your own
AI model.
But anyway, people have and by the way,
I could be wrong. There might be more to
the story, but just based on what's
reported, it doesn't look like much. And
then uh I guess the whistleblower said
there's a straight line you can draw
from these briefings to the recent
revelations that China is developing AI
models for military use relying on
Meta's Lama
model. Well, here's the thing. The llama
model is open source. It's available to
everyone. So, China is not the only one
who would use it. So, do you think
because they gave him a briefing, they
suddenly knew how to use the, you know,
this llama
AI? I don't know. I I'm not sure the
straight line is as straight as the
whistleblower wants to tell you. Anyway,
here's another uh Doge success story. Uh
based on a initial survey of
unemployment insurance, there are claims
that uh this is from 2020 that uh
24.5,000
people got unemployment even though they
were over the age of
115. And they got $59 million in
benefits. And there were 28,000 people
allegedly between the ages of 1 and 5
years old who also got
unemployment. Um 245 million in
benefits blah blah blah. Now I've been
burned before
uh assuming that the Doge anecdotal
stuff was true.
I'm not going to believe this one yet
because, you know, the Democrats are
going to say, um, the problem is the
date fields are not filled in. They're
not actually 115 years old. The there's
just a the date field isn't filled in.
They're just ordinary people who are
have ordinary ages and the database is
inaccurate. So, the important thing is
that somebody looked at them and they
got they qualified for unemployment
insurance. Um, and the date of how old
they are might be inaccurate, but
doesn't really affect
anything. Now, what is true? Do you
think it's true that these are literally
fake fake uses of uh unemployment
insurance? Maybe. It could be.
But I no longer trust anecdote on this.
So I would need to see more than you
know this the
115year-old getting the benefits cuz we
we keep seeing the same story over and
over again that people who are too old
to actually be alive or too young to get
a benefit that they should be getting or
that others get. Um I don't know. I'm
just going to say maybe. I'm going to
say maybe on that. But again, I'm a big
fan of Doge and I think directionally
uh they're completely spoton. So if they
get a few
anecdotes, you know that they're over
over interpreting. Not a big deal. I saw
Argentina's doing great. They uh they're
now the leader in Latin America in
fiscal discipline under their leader
MLE.
Now, every time I hear a story about
Argentina, it is suspiciously too good.
As in, really, did he really take a
chainsaw to everything in the
government? And and then everything
worked out and it happened really
quickly. Really? So, I went to Grock and
I asked it, was there a
downside of MLE? And the answer is yes.
So the the things that worked out well
is that he cut the budget and created a
at least at the highest level a
functional economy that was not spending
more than it was making. Good. That's
very impressive. But in order to get
there, what do you have to cut? Well,
apparently there are deep cuts in
education, health care, pensions,
transportation, and the poorest people
are probably hit the
hardest. So, there is some
genuine I don't know if misery is the
right word, but these are the kind of
cuts you could never make in America. I
mean, even Doge wouldn't touch this kind
of stuff.
So, um, I I'm going to be a partial
skeptic on Mule's, you know, miracle
success because if you haven't talked to
the the average person there, I don't
know if you
know if things are working swimmingly,
uh, but certainly having a country that
can pay its bills and is not running
into debt uh, destruction, that's good.
So, by any measure, I think MLE probably
has the right
long-term perspective, but I'll bet you
it's way more expensive than people are
telling you in terms of its impact on
the poor people in uh in Argentina.
Well, Ukraine's President Zilinski says
Ukraine wants to buy $50 billion in US
weapons, the kind that nobody else
makes. Uh, in this case, Patriot
missiles, and it'd be the largest US
weapon sale ever, eclipsing Japan's big
deal for F-35s.
Well, um, now what's different is he's
going to use the, uh, European Union's
money and, uh, so the US would basically
just be selling a
product. We, uh, we wouldn't be giving
it to them. We wouldn't be the bankers
for it. We wouldn't be, you know, asking
for something in advance. We'd just be
selling it. and uh Ukraine would use the
money from the uh European Union to pay
for it. To which I
say, I don't have much of a problem with
that. If if you can really get the
European Union to pay for American
weapons, yeah, maybe we should sell them
some
weapons. In according to live science
uh AI can now design its own
chips which would outperform human
designed chips. Uh but no one
understands them. So I guess when AI
develops a chip the first problem is it
might hallucinate and the chip doesn't
work at all. But when it does work it
works better than humanmade chips. But
if a human looks at the chip and tries
to figure out why is it this way, they
can't do it, which is kind of
fascinating to me.
Um, so Princeton researchers say the AI
design chips, they don't use traditional
layouts. They take a radical approach um
that boost performance beyond human
capability.
Now there a bunch of other things that
are happening in AI like the uh there's
a there's a way to run llama on a laptop
now instead of trying to run it through
a whole data center. Um there are
photonbased chips that are being
developed for AI that would be way more
efficient power-wise.
And uh my question is since the big
issue with AI is
power and AI can design a
chip, can AI figure out how to use less
power for
AI? If if you really pushed it to do
that, could you say, "Hey AI, I want you
to develop a chip that will make
AI way easier to run." Could it do it? I
don't know. But we're probably right at
the uh the doorway of uh AI being able
to figure out the cheaper way to be
AI. Uh there there's a whole bunch of uh
news also. I don't always report all of
it, but there's a whole bunch of news
that goes to the same direction, which
is ways to make AI use way less energy,
you know, as in all the way down to
making it run on a laptop.
So, so I think it's going to be a race
between trying to find energy to run
these big data centers and not needing
energy. So maybe somewhere in between is
what's going to be
real. Amazon's launching a something
called a Nova Sonic speechtoech AI. Now,
all it does is understand human speech
like other AIs and
talk, but wow, it's good. You know, I
listened to a demonstration and you know
how an AI voice is always a little slow
and you could tell it's AI and all that.
This one is just conversational and it
speaks fast and it gives you uh just the
feeling that's human as heck. So
apparently it outperforms OpenAI's voice
model which by the way is great. You
know the the difference between the old
pre-AII voice recognition they were
terrible. I mean just terrible. But ever
since
AI you can really get an app to
understand what you're saying even if
there's noise in the room or anything
else. So apparently this is uh Rowan
Rowan Chung is uh reporting on this, but
it's hugely better than anything that's
been out there for voice. So that's
coming. Cash Patel is telling us that
they got a big win on stopping drugs
from cartels. They found over half a
billion dollars in drugs they
intercepted. Uh Cash Patel calls it one
of the most successful counter narcotics
efforts in US
history. We'll see if that makes any
difference, but it it's got to hurt the
cartels to lose half a billion dollars
in one deal.
Meanwhile, over in the House of
Representatives, the Republicans have
figured out uh how to pass a bill, which
they passed, to stop rogue judges from
making decisions that affect places
where the judges don't have authority.
Um, so another maybe authority is the
wrong word, but uh you know the problem
of judge hunting and the Democrats can
find a judge anywhere who will stop
anything anywhere else in the country.
And you say to yourself, wait a minute,
why would some biased DC judge be able
to stop something that's happening not
in DC but somewhere else around the
country? And the answer is, well, they
were getting away with it. Uh but now
this legislation, if it were to pass the
Senate, and I'm thinking it might
because the Republicans have a majority,
that uh they would use the congressional
authority to keep judges from passing uh
you know, from ruling on things that are
not in their
domain. Um I'm kind of surprised that
this is the way that that gets fixed. It
seems weird to me that the
Congress can deal with
that. What seems like a a core issue,
but if they can, it's amazing. Good luck
with that. Meanwhile, according to
Interesting Engineering, uh the US now
has this powerful microwave weapon that
can fry swarms of drones at the same
time and boats. So, if you've got stuff
coming at you, you know, you're a big
naval ship or something, you see a swarm
of drones, you can take them all out at
the same time with this high-owered
microwave
uh called Leonitis
HDO. And it can also have engage
multiple targets. Uh, and it can stop
boats. So, that's pretty impressive. I
think the the boats that get pirated are
going to want that.
Uh we're also working according to
Newsmax P Hegsath is uh coming up with
options for a space-based defense shield
for the United States. So putting
something in low Earth orbit, I guess,
that can shoot down incoming missiles
and and aircraft, I would guess. Um they
don't have a decision yet on what that
looks like, but uh apparently the
project to figure out what that looks
like and then build it is moving right
ahead. So we're going to have a space
shield for missiles and if they get
through we'll microwave
them. Here's a study that uh I don't
know how obvious this one was. So post
is reporting there's a study that finds
conscientiousness is linked to higher
reproductive success worldwide. So if
you're
conscientious which they define as the
tendency to be organized, responsible,
self-disciplined and goal oriented, you
tend to have more
children. Would you have guessed that?
Or would you have guessed that the
people who are least
conscientious pump out the most babies
and the babies have to take care of
themselves basically? I don't know. I'm
a little surprised that
conscientiousness is linked to having
more babies. It just seems to me that
the least conscientious people are
knocking up their girlfriends and
leaving them to fend for
themselves. But maybe maybe that's the
way it is.
And then uh in related news
um the number of US non-parents who
never want children is growing. So
listen listen to this percentage. In
2002 14% of non-parents decided said
they didn't want any children. 14%. Now
that seems manageable, doesn't it? If
only 14% of married people don't want
children, you'd say to yourself, well,
that still leaves plenty of people to
have children. So, not everybody has to
be the same. But in 2023, that went to
29%. 29% of married people don't want
kids ever.
29%. That feels not
survivable in the long run, does it? You
know, I I I think we're going to end up
doing a hungry kind of thing where you
you say you won't have to pay taxes if
you have several
kids. Uh something's going to have to
give and maybe it's going to be robots.
I don't
know. Why would anybody get married if
they didn't want kids? That's what I
would ask. The the two times I got
married is because kids were already in
the mix and everything works better if
you're married and you've got step kids
or real kids. Not real kids. Uh
biological kids.
Um but yeah, I I can uh this is scary.
29% don't want kids. Do you think that's
mostly
financial? I feel like it might be, but
also having having children in the
modern era doesn't look anything the
same because once you once the kid gets
a smartphone, it's like you don't have a
child. You know, they're they're just
wed to their phone. Um, I saw saw a
study the other day that the entire
influence of the parents ends at I don't
know like seven years
old and that after that it's entirely
pure influence. You know, it's it's
smartphones and it's peers and it's
their classmates and it's school. But
after the age of
seven, parents don't have much to do
with how they're raised. even no matter
how much you try because apparently
they're just way more influenced by
their peers. I'm not saying that's good
or bad, but it's easy to see why
somebody doesn't want to do it because
you get a few years where you think
you're doing something important and
then it's completely canceled out by
just the environment, you know, with the
friends they hang out with and that sort
of thing. Anyway, so that's what I got
for you today. Sorry it took two tries
to get this working. Um I'm hoping it
will work on X by tomorrow. Uh we'll get
that fixed. I hope. Um and we'll take a
look at the uh stock market. Obviously,
it's going to give back a little bit
today, but I wouldn't be too worried
about it yet. We've got lots of things
ahead. And uh thanks for joining
everybody. I'm going to talk to the
local people privately in 30 seconds.
rest of you. I'll see you tomorrow. Same
time, same place.