Let's uh check on the stock market
before we get
serious.
Oh, stock market looks like it's
up. Don't know
why. It's because according to CNBC, the
S&P
is going up because investors are trying
to claw back losses.
They they always have some stupid
reason that I can't actually convince
myself is the real reason. They're going
to claw back losses. All right,
fine. Let me get my comments working
here and then we'll have the show of
shows. The show that nobody could
possibly
predict. Come
on. Come on. There we go.
That's what I'm talking
[Music]
[Music]
about. Good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams and there's never been a
better time in your
life than right now. But if you'd like
to take a chance on taking this up to a
level that nobody's ever experienced
with their tiny shiny human brains in
the history of the universe, all you
need is a cup or mug or a glass of tank
or chalice, a canteen jug or flask, a
vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine hit of the day. The thing
that makes everything better. It's
called a simultaneous sip. And it
happens. That's right. Right now.
Go. Not
bad. Could be better, but not bad.
Well, despite the rise in price of
coffee, did you know that according to
the National Coffee Association, which
is where I go for all my coffee
information, it's called the NCA,
uh has revealed that twothirds of
American adults drink coffee daily with
an average of three cups consumed per
day. Twothirds of Americans. That means
that one-third of Americans are sad and
tired all the time. They don't know what
the problem is.
One-third. Sorry about it.
One-third. Hey, Data Republican on X. If
you don't follow Data Republican, you
should. It's one of the better accounts.
Um, and what Data Republican does is
data, but does it really well with
AI and has now developed a new tool that
you can use that's a DEI funding
detector. It's still in beta, but
apparently what it can do is it can scan
the uh billions in federal awards and
IRS file filings and then it uses AI to
look through all that data and it can
find even when they're hiding DEI by
changing the names. So it's clever
enough to say, "Ah, that's really DEI
even though you're not using any of
those words."
So it can un uncover DEI focused awards,
reveal mission mismatches when the money
and the nonprofit don't align. It can
look for DEI specific
flags. So that's going to be fun as we
try to uh remove all the
racism from the world with getting rid
of the
DEI. Um and and it does a little more.
Here's some good news. There's been the
discovery of an exoplanet called
K218b, which is, you know, how I refer
to it usually. And they think that has
an alien ocean that may be teeming with
life.
So there's a
99.7% certainty that uh that the planet
has at least one gas in its atmosphere
that at least on Earth is produced only
by living
things. Now what do you think are the
odds that that planet is actually
teameming with life because there's a
gas that on Earth is associated with
living
things. Is that good
enough? I don't know. I'm not going to
wait for the aliens. I don't think I
don't think. But wouldn't it be amazing
if we found some actual aliens
someday? You don't you want to live long
enough to see some aliens? Well, here's
the good news. According to many
podcasts, we have captured aliens in
warehouses in various government
facilities. And we also have oh I don't
know how many UFOs we've
captured. According to people who have
said
things. So if you can't trust people you
don't know who have said things, who can
you
trust?
Science. Um all right. I've got a rare
recommendation for you of a content that
you might enjoy.
Now, the reason it's rare is cuz almost
everything on television is
trash. But I I gave a chance to this one
thing on Netflix. It's a new series
called The Residence. I'm not sure if
there's a thought in front of it, but
Residence or The Residence. Now, the
first thing you need to know is it's
super woke.
And if you're surprised that I'm
recommending something that's super
woke, let me finish and then maybe I'll
change your mind. So, it's super woke.
Uh, but it's about a murder in the White
House and the president is a gay married
guy. Uh, all the white men in the story
are presented as dumb and possibly
criminals. Uh, the hero of the of the uh
series is a uh black woman who is the
most brilliant
um detective in all the world. Everybody
knows her. And uh and she's extra good
because she's
overweight. And
uh so that sounds sounds pretty woke,
doesn't it? Sounds like exactly
something you don't want to watch,
right? All right, I'm going to change
your mind. So, it happens in the White
House and they do these amazing visual
flythroughs of the
actual I guess it's not the actual White
House, but they've built a model um or a
a stage a set I guess of the White House
that is so impressive so that if you've
never visited the White House, you end
up getting all these tours that they
just sort of work in with the with the
script. So, it's usually somebody
telling somebody else, "Oh, this room is
where they have the barber shop, and
this room is the pharmacy, and here's
where they've got the pool table, and
here's where the employees are." So, you
learn everything about the employee
network in the White House, which is
fascinating. You know, the hierarchy and
everything else. And then you see the
physical
uh living quarters of the White House,
the part you don't normally see. And
it's just so well done. And here's
here's the
kicker. The hard thing about watching
any kind of long form content is that
they will make you look at the scene
that they spent money on, and they'll
just make you look at it. So, if they
build a scene where somebody's uh trying
to get through the desert before they
die, they're going to make you watch
that person get through that desert for,
you know, 20 minutes, and you'd be like,
"Okay, I get it. I get it. They're going
through the
desert. Can Can you speed that up? It's
still desert. Got it. Got They're really
thirsty. They're chapped. They're Their
lips are chapped. I get it. I get it.
So, that's that's me watching most. But
whoever did the the editing, directing,
writing, uh, on the show, The Residents
really did a good job because every
scene is tight and fast.
So it doesn't look like regular shows.
It It's got a whole a whole feel to it
that you haven't seen before. So that
alone is worth watching. And lastly, I
have to give it up that even though the,
you know, the the casting is clearly
woke as hell,
um, everybody's really good. So, you
can't really pick out anybody and say,
you know, that person was only picked
because they're they fit the demographic
or something. They're all great. It's
way too woke because it was probably
made a year ago before before DEI became
more obviously illegal. Uh, but if
you're thinking of trying something,
just know it's super
woke and that will be part of the
entertainment.
But everything else about it really well
done so far. I recommend
it. Well, apparently Grock is being
upgraded. Uh it's still in beta, but uh
the feature that's being added is Grock
will remember your prior conversations,
but you can control it. So if you don't
want it to remember it, you can, you
know, turn that off. So that's not in
every version of Grock yet. So the Grock
that's built into X doesn't seem to have
it yet, but the the separate, you know,
freestanding Grock seem to at least in
beta form. And you'll get more
personalized responses and and all that.
So that could be a big deal. And if
Grock can read my documents and talk to
me and remember remember things,
um, finally maybe I can get something
that can, you know, do the stuff that I
want cuz I it's been over what, a year
and a half since I started playing with
AI and thinking, "Oh, this can solve
some real problems I have in my, you
know, keeping my data straight and stuff
like that." Nope. I can't even come
close, but maybe they're close now. Open
AI
um is weirdly going to build, at least
according to the Verge, build a an
X-like social
network. So apparently, this is sort of
rumored, so I don't know how true this
is. Um but the rumor is that uh the X
has such advantages because it can read
its own data from you know X and X has
just tons and tons of you know human
interactions. So it's it's really a
valuable training tool but the other AIs
would not have access to that. So
they're going to build their own at
least open AI is rumored to be building
its own social network. Do you think
that's going to work?
I don't know. It's probably worth a try.
Otherwise, they're going to have trouble
competing. Well, if you wonder why uh
California is um so poorly
run, here's another example. So, the gas
prices in California are already, I
think, twice
uh what you're used to in almost every
other state, just about double. And part
of that is because we have rules about
refineries.
So, refineries are closing. And guess
what? According to just the news, uh,
Valero is announcing uh the probable
closure or pending closure, I guess, of
one of its two remaining California
refineries. And so, California is going
to lose 18% of its current refining
capacity by the end of
2026 when we were already like right at
the limit.
So, why would a refinery want to leave
California? Wouldn't you think that
would be a great place to be? You got
all those people driving cars and
dealing gas and you're a refinery and
there's not a lot of refineries.
Wouldn't that be the best business to be
in? Well, not with the rules that
California is putting on them.
Um, so one of one of the things that
California did is uh it's got a
statewide ban on the sale of new gas
powered cars in
2035. So if you were thinking of
building a refinery, you would say to
yourself, wait, they're going to stop
selling gas cars in that state. Why
would we build a refinery there? So
that's a problem. Um, and then there's
some kind of rule that California
passed.
um that uh what was the rule? New
regulations that uh the state could
determine when refineries are allowed to
shut down for maintenance. So imagine
you're running the refinery and the
state gets to decide when you shut down
for maintenance. Um and then there's new
inventory storage requirements. So would
require refineries to build vast new
storage tanks. So basically, these are
things that sound good on paper, but the
refineries look at it and say, "Oh, you
just ruined the business model. I can't
make money in your state." So,
California, you can't get fire
insurance. You can't get um you can't
get gas pretty
soon. What is it we're going to be able
to get? We won't have electricity.
So, electricity, gas, fire insurance,
um obviously you can't drive anywhere
because the streets are a mess. You
can't really go downtown and shop
because it might be too
dangerous. We're just really killing
it. Well, if you're following the story
of Harvard versus the entire United
States government,
uh what's the latest here? According to
just the news, the uh Treasury
Department is urging the IRS to pull
Harvard's tax exempt
status. Now, why? Uh well, according to
Trump that you can't have you can't have
tax exempt status unless you're acting
in the public
interest. And apparently they think
Harvard's not acting in the public
interest. They want to the government
wants Harvard to do more about
anti-semitism and more about DEI
and basically just a bunch of things.
And Harvard has decided that the
government should not be telling a
private institution what to do. And then
the government said, "Well, very fine,
but maybe the maybe the public should
not be giving money to your institution
since you're all private." So, we'll
we'll be following this fight. Harvard
versus the United States
[Music]
government. Well, here's something
that is messed up. Um, so remember when
you thought that Doge was going to cut
the budget and, you know, Trump was
going to cut cut taxes for everybody?
Well, apparently the Republicans are now
considering raising the top rate to
40%. For people who earn over a million
dollars. So that would be people with a
small business that's doing well, for
example. Uh they would go from 37 to 40
40%. Now in California, I think I've got
like
13.3% state tax.
So add that to the 40% that puts you at
53%
tax for
example. Um so Bloomberg News I guess
was the first to report this.
So, uh, there are a whole lot of people
who
support President Trump and support the
Republicans who are going to say, "Uh,
wait a minute. One of the big reasons we
supported you is we thought taxes for
everybody would go down." Nope, not you
rich people. You're gonna pay more. So,
that sucks.
So, um, but nobody cares about the rich,
so it's sort of a it's sort of a free
pass.
Um, Texas has just passed a universal
school choice bill
um by a good margin. They passed it. So,
and I guess the Senate already passed
it. So, that was the Texas House that
passed it now. So, they looks like it's
going to be a done deal.
So, uh, Texas will be the 16th state,
Corey D'Angelus is writing about this,
16th state to pass universal school
choice. So, that's kind of
big. At least that's going in the right
direction. School choice.
You remember the story yesterday about
Leticia James, the attorney general of
New York, who uh prosecuted Trump for
allegedly claiming his properties were
worth more than they were to get a
loan. Uh but of course, the banks that
gave that loan were not depending on
anything that Trump said about his
properties. their normal routine is to
do their own, you know, do their own uh
their own evaluation of the value of any
assets.
So, it turns out that Leticia James was
uh credibly accused credibly accused of
being a mortgage fraud herself by
claiming that her Virginia residence was
her primary residence, claiming that her
father was her husband, and claiming
that a New York unit that she has had
four units in it, which gave it better
tax treatment, I pass or not tax
treatment. Maybe it was mortgage
treatment. Um then if it if she told the
truth that has
five. So what did she do after being
credibly accused of the very crimes that
she lawfired Trump into almost not being
president?
Uh her her approach was to get really
mad and give a speech and be extra mad,
but also extra mad and extra
loud and just not mention any of her own
problems. Just say, "Oh, we're not going
to take it anymore. We're going to we're
going to get this guy."
So, I don't know what's going to take to
take her down,
but she she's got some interesting times
ahead of her. Um, Harry Anton is
debunking one of the things on the
internet. Apparently, people are people
Democrats are trying to claim that uh
that even Republicans
um wish they hadn't voted for Trump, but
apparently the data doesn't show
anything like that. and Harry Anton
showed on on CNN that 98% of Trump
voters would vote the same way, but 98%
of Kla Harris voters would vote the same
way, too. So, if
uh if the election were reheld
today, it would be about exactly the
same result. Nothing changed. So all
this talking about who's doing what and
how well they're doing, nobody's opinion
changed, 98% of the people would still
do vote exactly the same no matter what
facts uh are in play. All
right. Well, over in Europe, the ECB,
which must be kind of like our Fed, uh
I'm assuming in context, is lowering
interest rates for the seventh time. And
Trump notices that and he says, "Why is
that not happening here?" So he thinks
that Jerome Pow Powell of the Fed is too
late. You know, he's always too late in
lowering interest rates. Um and Trump
says that Powell should do it now
because it's happening in Europe and we
don't have inflation at the moment. But
uh Powell says he's worried about
tariff tariff driven inflation.
Now, does that sound like he's
independent or does that sound like he's
kind of giving it to Trump? Because if
he doesn't lower interest rates, it's
going to be a big drag on the
government. If he
does, everything's going to look like
it's heading in the right direction.
So, and then Powell has also said that
our federal debt is not at an
unsustainable
level. Do you believe that? That our
federal debt is not at an unsustainable
level. I think it is at an unsustainable
level.
So, I am a little concerned that Powell
is not operating on what's best for the
country.
Um, I am a little worried about that. I
see in the comments somebody asking me
if I've abandoned Perplexity. No,
Perplexity is still great if you want to
talk to it. Um, and it's, you know, it's
it's an app on my phone, so it's quick.
I I routinely have more than one AI
because I like to keep my finger in to
figure out what's new and what how one
compares to the other. So, I'm a bit of
a
geek. So, anyway, Trump thinks interest
rates should be lower, but doesn't look
like it's going to happen.
So, just to make the Democrats have
something else to complain about,
according to Reuters, SpaceX
um is a leading contender for what Trump
wants to build that he calls the Golden
Dome, a a defense for the country
against missile attacks, meaning that it
would shoot up our own counter missiles
to knock down any incoming missiles. and
uh SpaceX would be um working with other
companies theoretically. Now I don't
think any final decisions made but this
is just sort of who's in the lead for
these things. Um but SpaceX would
partner with Palunteer and
Enderil and they'd have some kind of
subscription model. So I think what
SpaceX would do would be um to provide
the satellite
um intelligence so that the satellites
can see pretty much everything on the
earth so it would know if a missile
attack is coming. Um so that's good. And
the the subscription model would be the
government wouldn't buy any of the
stuff. they would just have a
subscription, which makes it kind of
makes the military sound like it's not
serious. It's like, well, do you have a
subscription? You're you haven't paid up
your subscription, so we're not going to
stop these
missiles. Anyway, Reuters is reporting
on that.
Um, and all I have to say about that is
let the Democrats begin bitching again
that uh Elon Musk was looking through
that government stuff so he could make
money being part of the Golden
Dome. Now, I know they're going to say,
"Oh, why does why does Trump's good
friend Elon Musk get, you know, possibly
it's not a done deal, but why does he
possibly get this big
contract?" And the uh the answer will be
because nobody else has
Starlink. Like, who who is the other
entity that could even do
that?
So, we'll see.
You've heard uh Joe Biden and other
Democrats try to convince their sheep
that uh what Trump wants to do is reduce
Social Security. They say the same thing
about Medicaid, but there's no evidence
of either of them. But but here's what I
never see in response.
Um Trump has said that he wants to
remove taxes on social security. Meaning
that if you collect social security and
you're paying taxes, you know, because
you have other income right now, you
would pay taxes on your on your social
security checks, which I do. So that's
my current situation. So if he were to
remove taxes on social security, that
would be the biggest increase in social
security that maybe we've ever seen. I
asked Grock and Grock said 40% of people
who get social security are also
currently being taxed by the federal
government, meaning they have other
income that puts them in a taxable
category. and
um and therefore they're paying taxes on
their social security. So I wonder why
nobody ever brings that up. Is it
because it's only good for people who
are high
income? But Trump is the only person I
know who's made a a major commitment if
he gets it done. You know, there's no
reason to believe you'll necessarily get
the no taxes on social security, but
that would be one of the biggest
increases in the
benefits of all time, right? And I never
see anybody argue that. It's like not
only does he not want to cut it, he
wants to get rid of the taxes on it.
That would be a pretty good argument.
you know, it is it does lean toward uh
the higher income people, but then you
look at his other his other plan, which
is to come up with a higher tax rate for
the highest
um the highest paid people, and it
doesn't look like he's favoring the
rich. It looks like he's just trying to
reduce
taxes. So, at least at least those two
topics would work well together.
Well, a judge has ruled that the 530,000
illegal migrants that Biden flew in on
airplanes
um would have to be tried individually
before being deported. So even though
they came in as a giant
program, they could only be removed
according to this judge if every one of
them had a, you know, a full vetting and
um a process, I guess. So they'd have to
be tried individually. Uh Trump, of
course, and the Trump administration is
mocking that judge because if you did
try to do it individually, it literally
is impossible. it just would take, you
know, 100 years or something. So, that's
not going to
happen. So, I I assume this will just go
to a higher court because the only thing
you could do with this group, if you
really wanted to get rid of them, the
only thing you could do would be to do
it as a group and just say the whole
group is illegal because the program is
I don't know. I've decided the program
was illegal for some good reason.
So, we'll
see. All right.
Here's here's my favorite story. Now, as
you know, this whole uh Kilmer Briggo
Garcia guy, also known as the Maryland
dad who's who got deported to El
Salvador.
Um, for the longest
time, I did not find that story
interesting.
Um, not because it had no, you know,
interesting parts, but because I just
don't like getting get involved in
stories about one person because it,
unless it's telling you something about
the larger world, it just doesn't seem
like you should have it in your head at
all. Yeah. Unless you're like personally
related to it or, you know, a victim of
him or something. It just isn't
important what happens to one person.
Um, but there are so many moving parts
to this now. It It's become one of my
favorite
things. So, here's what happened.
Um, I can't tell if this is intentional,
but the Trump administration had claims
that he was a bad guy, so that the
deporting was uh completely appropriate
and he had plenty of um due
process and uh court had found him uh to
be
deportable and uh and he was a bad guy.
But Democrats argued that there wasn't
really evidence that he was a bad guy.
So they decided to, you know, one of the
senators, F von Holland, he he travels
all the way down to El Salvador. And
then on camera several times, he
referred to El Salvador as San
Salvador. And apparently he got, you
know, no no uh political interest
whatsoever from El Salvador. I don't
even know if anybody met with him, but
he he didn't get even to talk
to the the fellow who was locked up. So,
uh, and then Cy Booker was trying to
lead an expedition of of like-minded
people to go down there and try to
rescue him.
So the the Democrats are going all in
and then and then James Carville
uh recommends the Democrats go all in on
this and like you know just take it
balls to the wall and uh that really
make it a hill to die
on. And the argument is that um that uh
if we can let this happen to this one
person in other words get deported and
jailed without what they would call due
process. But the people on the right say
he did have due process. Um then it
could happen to you can be
extended. So here's what
happened. So in the time between
Democrats accurately saying that there
wasn't clear clarity about him being
guilty, they sort of doubled down and
made it their biggest thing.
And then and then yesterday it was
revealed what he's actually been accused
of and he seems like the guiltiest guy
ever.
So, you know, it's not like I can know
for sure, but apparently he got picked
up uh he was arrested in the company of
known MS13 gang members. Uh the law
enforcement was told that he was an he
he was ranked
um as a higherup person which has a name
and he had a nickname that is only sort
of gang related. He had a tattoo that
seemed to be MS13 related although
somebody's arguing that. Um he was
wearing some Chicago Bulls gear which uh
of course regular people wear that too
uh especially there but uh apparently is
somehow associated with MS13 because
they like the I don't know the horns or
something. So he's got tattoos, he's got
the clothing of it, he's with the MS13
people. He was caught with marijuana and
um suspicious amount of
cash and
uh and and then credible sources said,
"Oh, he's definitely MS13." You know,
and they they gave details and
everything. But on top of that, uh, in
2021, his wife filed a restraining order
against him because he beat her up,
punched her with a closed fist and
scratched her and tore off her shirt.
And I think it was more than once. So,
she was afraid for her life about this
Maryland dad. Um, and then we heard,
according to the Tennessee Star, in
2022, he was stopped driving without a
license. and Tennessee Highway Patrol
suspected him of trafficking the seven
people
inside. So what they did was after they
stopped him, uh they learned he was on a
terrorist watch
list. He was on a terrorist watch list.
So they called Biden's
FBI. Uh but Biden's FBI told them to
release
him. So he's on a terrorist watch
list. Okay. Release him. Wait, wait.
What? Yeah. So, you said he's on a
terrorist watch list, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Release him. Why? I don't know. I don't
know. Now, how much of this do I know is
true? Well, I don't know. It's true, but
it's a pretty long list of really bad
sounding things. Uh, that makes me think
maybe maybe the Democrats acted a little
too
hastily in deciding that they would put
all of their weight behind
this. Now, their argument, of course, as
I said, is that if somebody like this,
who maybe is a bad person, but if they
can be uh jailed or deported without due
process, then eventually that could
happen to your mom.
So, you know, if your mom, for example,
was a wife beater who wore MS-13 clothes
and hung out with MS-13 and had an MS-13
uh nickname and position in the
organization and he was on a terrorist
watch list and he had been uh ordered by
the court to be deported. Well, if that
happened to your mom, how sad would you
be when your mom got deported to the El
Salvador jail,
right? So, the the hilarious thing is
that from a technical
perspective, the Democrats might be
right there that, you know, there might
be a little bit of due process that you
wish there had been.
but I'm not terribly worried about this
specific guy. And then the argument is,
but what about your mom? Later your mom
will be, you know, picked up in the same
process. And I'm thinking to myself,
there's a long
distance between this guy with his
record and your mom. I mean, that's a
pretty long distance. And one of the
things about Democrats, which is
probably true of Republicans as well, is
once they get committed to a position,
they just can't
change. So if Democrats were
reasonable thinking
people, what they would have done is
said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa. We didn't
realize he was this bad. That's you.
You're showing us pretty good evidence
of how bad he is. We'd like to still,
you know, press the point that maybe he
should have had more due process. I'm
not sure what he was supposed to have
that he didn't get because he got some
due process. Otherwise, he wouldn't have
a deportation order against him.
Uh, but to me, it's just hilarious that
they can't back off the political part
of it. They could keep to their point
that maybe in some way he should add
more due process, but they really need
to back off supporting him coming back
to the
country. And even if he came back and
got his due process, he would just be
shipped back to that El Salvadorian
jail. You know, it is his country of
uh it is his country of origin.
So, I love uh James Carville apparently
has given up on what he used to say,
which is that Democrats just have to
play to
win. He he's doubling down on this MS-13
guy and he and he was telling Democrats
that they should play to win, you know,
not to just win points.
How how in the world does Carville think
that supporting the MS13 guy is going to
put the Democrats over the line to win
elections? It's it's maybe the
dumbest the dumbest thing the Democrats
have ever done. So anyway, so they've
got a lot of analogy thinking problem,
which is if something reminds you of
something else, you think it'll go the
same way. So if it reminds you of that
old saying as Carville said also, first
they came for this group and I said
nothing and then they came for this
group and I said nothing and then they
came for me. Well, not everything goes
that way, does it?
For example, you know, if you're a
murderer, even if you're a
citizen, are you going to go a different
path than your mom who didn't murder
anybody? I mean, we haven't taken it
from, well, we've locked up a lot of
people in prisons in the United States.
Yeah, they went through due process, but
they they got locked up to, well, if you
can use due process to lock up the
criminals, what is to stop them from
using due process to lock up your
mom? That's analogy
thinking it sort of is
ignoring uh how anything works in the
real world. So anyway, Democrats have
gone from bad to ridiculously bad. And
then uh Carville has picked a fight with
David Hog who's in the
DNC. So Hog wants uh Democrats to
primary other Democrats
uh because he thinks that some of those
Democrats are not, you know, qualified
or they're too old or they're they don't
have any fight in them. So he wants to
go after other Democrats and
Carville Carville says he should quit
his position in the DNC if he wants to
go primary people because that seems
like the opposite of what he should be
doing. I have to admit Carville is kind
of right about that. If you're trying to
win, probably your best play is not to
primary anybody on your own side.
um first you want to win and then you
know maybe later you could primary
people but uh so Carville is uh quite
insistent that the far-left part of the
party needs to be
abandoned which would allow them not to
win any elections whatsoever and now
he's going after David Hog every part of
this is sort of delicious because
there's not a single part of it that
doesn't look like a mistake on some
able.
Um, and
then, okay, I I shouldn't say this at
all, but I'm going to do it. So, Senator
Van Holland already went down there, and
he went down there before it was
revealed he went down to El Salvador,
but he did it before it was revealed
that the guy was a wife beater. And so I
was trying to imagine what would van
Holland say when he was challenged with
that. You know, it's been demonstrated
and there's a, you know, there's legal
documents
um that uh he beat his wife and I wonder
if he was thinking to himself, well, I'd
have to know what she said right before
he punched
her. Now, that's the worst thought
you'll ever hear today. But what are
they going to say? Are they going to
say, "Well, normally we're against the
wife meter, but he didn't get enough due
process." Anything they say on this
topic is going to sound ridiculously
wrong, so you might as well go for full
wrong. Say, "I'd have to know what she
said right before he punched her."
That's the wrongest thing you could
say. Well, on X today, there was a user
whose name is Matt
Vanal. And uh this is kind of important.
you know his background. He was a former
nuclear scientist at the US Department
of Energy. And here's what he wrote. He
said on X, "I consider myself fairly
liberal up until a couple months ago. I
watch CNN nearly every day to get my
news and after reading the truth about
Rego Garcia on X, I'm horrified at the
media bias." And then he says,"Now I'm
wondering what else did I believe that
was just a full-blown
lie?" And people tagged me on that so
that I could inform him what else he
believed that was a full-blown
lie. So I I just responded to him with a
link to
americandebunk.com. So if you haven't
seen
americandebunk.com, it's a full writeups
of the biggest uh Democrat hoaxes. you
everything from the fine people to the
drinking bleach to all the classics. But
um I would be so curious about Matt
Vans's
journey like is he going to read those
debunks and now is he ready? Because if
you're not ready you just start reading
them and you go blah it's a bunch of
propaganda from Republicans. I'm not
even going to finish this. But if you're
ready, like you've already made the
first step yourself and you found out,
hey, I'm starting to think this news
isn't completely real. Now, you know
what, Galman amnesia is, right? This is
sort of where this all came from. There
was a
physicist who noticed that when he read
stories about physics, the one thing he
knew about for sure, those stories were
all inaccurate.
But then he would convince himself that
all the other stories were fine until
one day he thought, "Wait a minute. What
are the odds that every time I know
something about this story, it's wrong?
But every time I don't know anything
about the story, it's true." And then he
sort of reasoned that maybe the news
wasn't true in general.
Well, that's why I mentioned that Matt
Venuel was a former nuclear and is a
former nuclear scientist for the US
Department of Energy. I feel like if
you're a
scientist and and you see that you've
been fooled on an important story in the
media and you see it for yourself that
it activates the gal man amnesia part of
your brain where you go wait a
minute just wait a minute how many other
things have I been you know
propagandized
by so we'll see
Um, so let's talk about the
uh the Carmelo Anthony story. So that's
the uh the black teenager who killed a
white teenager with a knife. Um, I don't
know the details of who started it or
who was the bully in that situation. I
think it's going to be complicated. But
again, I had been ignoring this story
because it was oneoff. You know, it was
uh tragic, but it didn't seem to me like
it was saying anything about the world
in general. Just it was
one kind of unique and tragic story that
happened between two teenagers that you
wish hadn't happened. But apparently my
name has been pulled into the story.
I I really just tried to mind my own
business on this and just completely
stay out of it. But let me read to you
what uh Matt Walsh said uh in a post on
X and then you can see why I got dragged
into it wi without my uh without my
willingness. So Matt Walsh posts this.
He goes, "The people supporting Carmelo
Anthony don't really believe the
 that it was quote self-defense.
They don't care about that. When the
video comes out proving that this was
coldblooded homicide, it won't matter.
They're happy that he killed a white
kid. It's that
simple.
Now, I wouldn't go that far to say that
they're happy because he killed a white
kid. um you know that because black
America is a big diverse group and it
might be true that some percentage have
that perspective but but people remember
that I got
cancelled I got cancelled for reading a
survey that was data driven I didn't
make it up that suggested that uh black
Americans um had a problem with the
white Americans and you know didn't
think it was even okay to be white and
it was something like 30 or 40% of the
respondents. So um which is not a
majority but it's an alarming number.
And I said h I don't think you'd want to
spend much time around a group of people
if 30% of them didn't you know didn't
think it was okay even to be you. And I
would say the same thing if you reverse
the
races. If uh if you uh I like to use
this example. If you were a uh black
professional and you were moving for
work and you had a choice of towns to
settle in, they were both close enough
to work and one of them was known to
have a robust uh Ku Klux
Clan um entity in it and the other one
did not. Which one are you likely to
settle in? you would settle in the one
that didn't have one because you would
be
safer. So, people all make the same kind
of decisions. But, uh, all I can say is
I hope nobody does a poll on this
Carmela Anthony thing because I'm going
to get dragged into this so hard. I I
saw my face was in a bunch of memes. Uh,
so so people dragged me into
it to which I just think is funny, you I
don't doesn't bother
me. Anyway, apparently there's some
video they have. They think they have
video that we haven't seen yet. But one
of the questions I would have this is,
was the white kid a
bully? Does anybody know
that? Was the white kid a
bully? Because obviously that doesn't
justify murder. But um I have sort of a
trigger. You know, I get triggered by
bullies and I would think about the
situation differently if if I knew that
the white guy was a bully. So, I don't
know that. If it if it just turns out it
was two teenagers doing teenage things
and one of them pulled a knife and
killed the other, then that's a
completely different
story. Yeah. So anyway, apparently I've
become somebody somebody in the comments
says the face of common sense about
race. Um that's that would be the nice
way to put it. So I'll take
that. RFK Jr. is getting closer to uh
telling us what's causing autism. Um do
you remember the the numbers that uh
when when RFK Jr. was a kid. Um, one in
I don't know 10,000 or something were
autistic. But now it's one in like 31,
which would be roughly one in every
classroom. Does that sound
right? In your experience, is there one
autistic kid in basically every
classroom? That does sound true to
me. Uh, it seems to me it would be hard
to imagine an entire classroom of 31
kids without at least one person that
was identified as on the autism
spectrum.
So, I do believe the numbers I mean that
it tracks with observation and
experience. But, uh, RFK Jr. is sure
it's an environmental toxin. He's not
he's not uh committing to it being
vaccinations or food or pollution, but
it's one of those things or or something
in the the air or the or the food or
something. Um, but he also had a point
that was kind of good because some
people said that it might be
um genetic and I think his argument
um oh no the somebody said that it might
be an artifact a better diagnostic
criteria meaning that maybe we always
had the same amount of autism but we
didn't diagnose it the same so now all
that's different is we diagnose it and
RFK Junior says is if that's true that
it's only about diagnosing it, why is it
not happening in older
people? How is it that older people are
not being diagnosed with autism but
young people are? And that's a pretty
good point because if it were only about
the diagnostic tools, then people who
were 55 would go into the doctor's
office and the doctor would say, "We got
these new tools and I can tell you that
you've been autistic all your life and
uh we just couldn't detect it until now
or something like that." But that is not
the case. Um it is highly concentrated
in the young.
So he's I guess we won't have the uh
studies
um to know for sure or at least to know
what the studies say for sure until
September. But uh there are already some
critics who are worried that RFK Jr.'s
made up his mind and he's just going to
say it's about vaccinations even if the
data doesn't point to it. I feel like
that's a messed up opinion.
Um, you know, it's not like I know RFK
Jr.
personally, but there's nothing about
him that suggests that if he found out
it was in the food, he would pretend it
was in the
vaccinations. I don't think there's any
chance of that. And I feel like it's a
complete misunderstanding of who he is
and what he cares about and why he's
doing this. He's trying to solve a real
problem. He's not trying to win
points and and he's
sacrificing pretty much
everything to see if he can fix this
damn problem, which, you know, is part
of the larger problem of chronic
illness. I think that the one and only
thing that Kennedy cares about is
getting the right answer.
I don't think that there's even a little
part of him that would say, "Oh, no. My
career or my reputation depend on it
being vaccinations. So, I'm going to
pretend it was the vaccinations and
throw away the studies that say it's
anything else." That just doesn't seem
like the guy we've been watching, does
it? How How many of you think that that
would even
be like a wild possibility?
I think he's one of the people who would
say I was 100% wrong. It was in the food
and not the
vaccinations. Um so let's go
forward. I I don't think there's any
risk of that. Um it's a character thing.
I think I think
character-wise he wants to get this
right because so much depends on it. I
mean, I can't imagine in my wildest
imagination, I can't imagine him trying
to trying to rig the results. It just
doesn't seem like him at all. So, I'm
not worried about that and I'm very
curious about what the outcome will be.
Um, according to CNN, China's President
Xi has made a statement now about the uh
tariffs. And he said uh he said this,
"For over 70 years, China's development
has relied on self-reliance and hard
work, never on handouts from others, and
is not afraid of any unjust suppression.
Regardless of how the external
environment changes, China will remain
confident, stay focused, and concentrate
on managing its own affair as
well. He called the trade war unwinable,
but made it clear that China is not
going to fold no matter how hot it gets.
Well, nobody said that we were funding
China per se. We did say that the trade
deals are unfair,
uh, which he does not deny.
So yeah, I think he's, you know,
weasling around the uh the
accusations. Let's talk about uh
Gaza. Uh apparently the Palestinians in
general, not not just we're not talking
about Hamas, but the Palestinians who
were in the West Bank, I guess, and had
their own military and had their own
political staff. I didn't know this, but
the Amuse account is pointing out that
uh the 70% of their funding for their
little military and political stuff came
from
USAID and that got cut. So now it's a
total financial collapse. Uh and they
can't pay salaries.
Uh, now how many of you knew that we
were paying Palestinian
military and Palestinian leaders
salaries? If you had known that, would
you have been in favor of doing that?
See that? It's good that we didn't know
as much as we know now about USAD
because we wouldn't have been in favor
of much of it. Now, I get that USID is
how we control things. So, if we're
paying the salaries of the Palestinian
leaders, well, they might be a little
more likely to do things that our CIA
wants them to do. I get
it. On the other
hand, it's really tough to ask us to pay
the salaries of of a military in another
country. It's just a hard cell. So, you
can see why they never were honest about
it or forthright, but we'll see where
that goes. Now, this is related to a
second story. Um, and let's see, this is
according to the New York Times. So, New
York Times says that uh when Netanyahu
was here recently, he was trying to
convince the Trump administration to
attack
Iran in May.
And uh the Trump administration was
divided on that. But apparently the
decision, which presumably is a Trump
decision, uh Trump told Netanyahu during
the White House visit that no American
support for military action would happen
while negotiations with tan
continue. Now, does that sound to you
like good cap, bad cap? And do you think
that's intentional?
So the the leak in the New York Times is
that Netanyahu is planning to definitely
attack in May and he was just trying to
get the United States to go, you know,
to get on board. Now, I don't think they
would do it without American support,
but it's not
impossible. Um, and then then you hear
also from the New York Times that Trump
said no to the attack as long as Iran is
negotiating.
Isn't that sort of the perfect good cap,
bad cap
setup? It's kind of perfect, isn't it?
Because if you're Iran, you're saying to
yourself, "All right, worst case
scenario is they attack
militarily." And then you find out they
were one yes away from being attacked.
All All that had to happen was Trump to
say yes. And he was talking to an ally
who is very close to the United States.
They have a good working relationship
and you know that Netanyahu was
persuasive, right? Like he he went in
there with full tools. He's a very
persuasive guy in general and you know
that he made a good case for doing it in
May. You know he he was strong on
that. Trump still said no. So if you
were Iran, you would say, "Oh my god,
Netanyahu is the bad cop. So whatever we
do, whatever we do, we've got to make
sure, you know, his influence is is uh
mitigated." And Trump seems to be
willing to reach a deal that doesn't
involve violence, so we better work with
him. It's It's just perfect. Good cop,
bad cop. Now, but the part I don't know
is was that intentional? In other words,
is the New York
Times sort of maybe carrying a little
water for both Israel and the United
States by setting this up as a good cop
bad cop situation, which would be
perfect for making a deal. You know, if
you wanted to really make a deal and not
have military action, this is the
perfect framing, and it's coming from
the New York Times.
So, I always I always am a little bit
suspicious when I see a story like this,
but uh I wouldn't I wouldn't consider
this anything bad because it might be
both true and very useful. The timing
might be perfect.
Well, according to the Daily Star, the
one of the captured Chinese soldiers who
was fighting for Russia, you've probably
heard this, Russia had some Chinese
soldiers. And you might say to yourself,
how do they recruit Chinese soldiers?
Doesn't it seem like that would be hard
to do? Well, this Chinese soldier said
that um he was quote tricked by Tik Tok
videos. So he was convinced to leave his
native country and to go to he didn't
know he was going to be in the front
line. He thought he'd be in some kind of
support role, but he was tricked by Tik
Tok into thinking it would be glamorous
to be like part of the Russian military
because they look pretty cool and you
know he'd really get to see the world
and uh wouldn't be that dangerous. Next
thing you know, he has no training
whatsoever. They just hand him a gun and
they put him in a trench. Nearly gets
killed, but he gets captured
instead. But according to
him, Tik Tok brainwashed
him. How many of you remember me saying
probably how many years ago, Tik Tok
could brainwash you into doing
anything? And people would say, that's a
little bit hyperbolic.
You know, Tik Tok can't brainwash you
into doing something
dangerous. Yes, it can. It It
brainwashed this Chinese soldier into
going to fight for another country with
no training whatsoever in the most
dangerous place you could possibly be
because Tik Tok made it look like a good
idea.
Yes, Tik Tok can brainwash you into
doing things that are super
dangerous for you. Now, it's not going
to brainwash every person the same way,
but if you're looking at groups of
people, absolutely, it could convince
you to do any dangerous thing. And we
thought, well, that doesn't sound like a
risk. Yeah, it's a pretty big risk.
Well, Australia uh alleges they came up
with a jam-proof quantum
technology that's uh 50 times more
accurate than GPS and can't be
jammed. So, the reason it can't be
jammed is that it's not using the GPS
satellites. Um, and it's using some
technology that can read the uh magnetic
signals from the Earth. So apparently
everything's got a magnetic signal and
uh they can tell with great certainty
where they are based on the magnetic
signal. Your comments are wild
today. All right.
Um, now this might seem like a small
story because it's just some improvement
on GPS, but in a world where all of the
weapons are going to be GPS
related, it might be a big deal. I mean,
it might be the difference between being
attacked and not being attacked. If if
our
drones, assuming that Australia let us
use that technology, if if our drones
could not be blocked or
jammed, but other people's drones could
be, I don't think they'd mess with you
because we'd be jamming and they'd be
not jamming. We'd be jamming. I feel
like I'm writing a song. We be
jamming. Jamming. Okay. No, that's not a
song. So,
That's a big uh big wild card coming for
the military
situation. I I guess somebody found a
big Chinese
uh big Chinese facility that nobody's
seen and somebody spotted another one
that has submarines. And um it's weird
that we're just spotting gigantic
military facilities in China. Like we
didn't know them. We didn't know before.
They're
gigantic. All right, that's weird. So,
uh, couldn't they still be shot down?
Yeah, they could still be shot down, but
they couldn't be stopped from finding
their target. So, that's what you really
want to do. Shooting them down is the
last choice. The first choice is to jam
them so that they can't find their
target. But yes, you could always shoot
them down.
All right, ladies and
gentlemen, that is all I wanted to say
today. Um, hope you had fun and I'm
going to talk uh privately to the local
subscribers now because they're so
special in a good way. So, thanks for
joining on YouTube and Rumble and X. I
will see you tomorrow. Same time, same
place. And locals coming at you
privately in 30 seconds.