at the
moment. The stock market is up at the
moment. Things could change quickly. You
never
know. I didn't think it would be up
today. I I thought that after that big
rise yesterday, it would be crashing
back to Earth a little bit. Maybe it
will later. We'll see.
See, my comments will be coming
online. Come on. Technology is a little
slow today. You can do it. All right,
we'll get to that later, I
guess. Good morning, everybody, and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams, and you've never had a
better time. But if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains, all you need for
that is a copper mugger, a glass, a
tanker chaline, a canteen jug or flask,
a vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure,
the dopamine end of the day, the thing
that makes everything better. It's
called the simultaneous sip. And it
happens now. Go.
Spectacular. All right, everybody. Let's
uh check in with the world of science
and see if there's any scientific
studies that they could have skipped
just by asking Scott. Oh, here's one.
Um, according to UCL uh political
science,
um, female lobbyists are more likely to
gain access to meetings with policy
makers. Did they really have to study
that to find out that female lobbyists
can get meetings with policy makers more
easily? Apparently, even with female
policy makers, but I would have known
that, too.
Let me tell you about my career day when
I was a senior in college. So, uh, in my
little college in upstate New York, uh,
when I was a senior, the, uh, bunch of
local companies would come in and they
would interview the seniors to maybe
make job offers. And one of the big
employers was a pharmaceutical company
looking for sales reps.
And um I knew a lot of people in the
college. It was a very small college.
And I saw that the people I was
competing against cuz we were sort of
lining up to do our little interviews.
Um weren't nearly as accomplished as me
academically. So I'm thinking to myself,
uh this is going to be easy. I am so
going to get this job offer to be a
pharmaceutical
representative. And the other people who
were in line were really hot. really hot
girls who were not that good at
academics. And every single one of the
hot girls got an offer to be a pharmace
pharmaceutical sales
rep. And none of the
guys, not not a single male was offered
anything.
And that's where I learned that you
don't need to do a study to find out
that women can get more access to
meetings. Yes, women can definitely get
more access to
meetings. You could have just asked
me. All right, let's see what Let's see
if science has any more surprises. Um,
oh yeah, here we go. According to Eric
Dolan, who's writing in Scypost, uh,
there's
new This one's just funny.
There's new
evidence, new research
that there's new research in the Journal
of Effective Disorders that suggests
that people who engage in sexual
activity at least once a week are less
likely to experience symptoms of
[Laughter]
depression. Somebody actually somebody
here somebody actually took time and
money to study that. Yes. Yes, people
who are getting laid are happier than
people who are not getting laid. Period.
Now, sometimes it's cause, you know, the
cause and effect, you know, can go
either way in that particular case. But
yes, people who are having more sex, I
can almost guarantee you on average are
happier than people who are not having
sex. So, next time just ask me. You You
don't need to do that study. Just ask
me. Uh, in other news of hilarious
science, uh, do you remember the claims
that were all over social media that,
uh, some group had used some wild
technology that was looking under the
pyramids and they found these vast
columns
uh, suggesting an entire different
civilization was, you know, at work for
years before the the pyramids.
And as soon as I saw that, I said,
"No, that's not
real." Well, apparently today, according
to the AFP, uh the scientists are saying
it's a rubbish claim and there's no
giant structures beneath the Egyptian
pyramids. But apparently uh all the
experts who are aware of the technology
that they use to image under the ground,
pretty much all of them say that
technology can't do that. Even if there
were giant columns under the pyramids,
you couldn't see them with that
technology. That definitely wouldn't
work. So I could be wrong. Maybe there
are giant pillars under the pyramids,
but uh I'm going to claim at least
temporarily. I'm going to claim success
in debunking that without doing any
research at all. As soon as I saw that
one, I
thought probably not. Probably
not. Here's another
one. The science is all so stupid today.
Uh according to the Daily
Mail, the Vatican has uh in its
documents, you know, secret archives, it
has secret links to
[Laughter]
UFOs. And some researchers now believe
that the Holy Sea could be sitting on
the biggest secret of all, proof of
extraterrestrial life.
Do do you think the Vatican has proof of
extraterrestrial life and they've been
keeping it from
us? I'm going to say
nope. Nope. Not unless that uh alien
life is under those pyramids. I'm going
to say no on
that. All right. Here's one that is
real. Um, according to Elon Musk, your
Tesla will soon be a robo taxi if you
want. Now, what I think that means is
you can just park your Tesla outside
your garage and then if somebody has an
app, now it does, this isn't functional
yet, but it's all developed and looks
like it'll roll out pretty soon. Um, you
could just call up a self-driving Tesla
and it will just pull out of your
driveway and go pick somebody up and
make some money while you're
sleeping. How many of you How many of
you would let strangers use your
car? I feel like I feel like it would be
creepy to know that other people were in
your car doing god knows what because
there's no driver there. But it would be
like Uber but without the driver. What's
the worst thing about an
Uber? It's the driver. The The worst
thing about an Uber is the driver.
Because if you're, let's say, young or
you're female,
uh, you have to worry about the driver
being dangerous. If you're male, you
have to worry about the driver playing
the radio or making a phone call or
being really annoying and trying to talk
to you the whole time. So, there's
nothing worse about Uber than the
driver. There there's also the thing
where the driver will start to come to
you and then for reasons you don't
understand, they cancel or they change
their mind. That's not the technology
doing that. That's that's the driver.
So, if you can get rid of the
driver and Tesla could be like Uber in
all the other ways, yeah, that'd be
pretty good.
Speaking of
Tesla, I saw this in Mario summary. I
guess the source is Tesla, but did you
know that every Model 3 and Model Y
that's uh delivered in the United States
uses batteries that are 100% made in
America? Did you think we could even do
that? I didn't even know that America
could make that many batteries. But
apparently um Tesla has been able to
make all of its batteries completely in
America for some time now. Um so that's
that's interesting to
know. And according to a post I saw on X
by Nick Cruz Patain, he says that Tesla
vehicles share the same batteries,
cameras, and computers as the Optimus
robots will. So, I I think I kind of
guessed that that it would be the same
AI and, you know, computers and why
wouldn't they use the same batteries,
you know, the smaller
versions. So, yeah, you're going to have
uh you're going to have robots and
self-driving cars, and it's all coming
quickly.
Um, in other news, Washington Post is
reporting that Trump has ordered that uh
schools develop some kind of AI training
for American kids. I guess China's
already doing this. China is forcing
forcing. Um, kids in China at the
youngest age have to learn AI.
And now Trump's trying to catch up and
he's going to put uh cryptobillionaire
David Sachs. That's one way to describe
him. I wouldn't describe him as a
cryptobillionaire. That that feels
dismissive. But uh David Sachs will be
involved in that. Um and the executive
order will uh force schools to train
students and teachers in artificial
intelligence. That seems like a really
wise thing to do. And I think Trump also
signed an executive order to get more
trade training to young people as well.
That could be
good. In other news,
uh
Paramount, that's the uh I guess that
own they own CBS. They settled a
discrimination suit over DI policies.
there was a specific uh white man who
couldn't get a job within that entity
within CBS
uh because he was told directly that he
didn't check any boxes for DEI. So even
though he was highly qualified and
experienced, he just couldn't get a job
at CBS as a writer, they just needed
more DEI. So, America First Legal um
took that case and pressed it and
apparently succeeded. So, I don't know
if there's a financial settlement, but
uh but the company Paramount and CBS,
they they decided to publicly back away
from all the DEI
stuff. So, that's good. So, only one
million companies to go. I remember when
I got cancelled
Um, and I told my story about how, you
know, back in the 80s and 90s, um, it
was almost impossible to get promoted if
you were a white man in San Francisco.
And I remember, uh, I think it was an
editor, a black editor in in Chicago who
challenged me on X and said, "There's no
evidence of that. You're making that
up." And I thought, "Making it up? If
you want to find out if it's true that
in the 80s and 90s a white man couldn't
get promoted as long as there was
anybody who wasn't a white man who also
wanted the job. You could just walk
outside and just go up to any white man
if they were 50 years old or older and
just tap them on the shoulder and say,
"Hey, were you ever discriminated
against for being a white man?" They
would have all said yes. you you've got
something like probably 30 to 50 million
witnesses and and yet there was a uh an
educated, successful, professional black
man in Chicago who had no idea no idea
that that existed. Do you know why?
Because if you even mentioned it, you
would get cancelled. You couldn't even
mention it. So, you know, now that I
don't have to worry about having a boss,
I can mention it. But imagine what a
surprise that would be to have lived
your whole life without knowing that
white men were being the ones most
discriminated against, at least in
corporate America. I think small
businesses probably were the opposite. I
don't know for sure, but in the big
businesses, yes, it was anti-white men
since at least the mid 80s and and quite
severely so. You know, not slightly, but
it was the main the main texture of the
employment
market. So, 1 million companies to go.
Um, Trump also signed an executive order
requiring uh, universities to disclose
their foreign
funding. Now, that seems like a good
idea, doesn't it? You know, I never
realized how vulnerable the United
States was to all the, you know, the
clever ways that we could be influenced
and infiltrated until I saw what uh,
George Soros could do with prosecutors.
It's like, holy cow, he doesn't have to
spend much money and then he gets all
these local prosecutors and and then
they can do all kinds of evil. But
apparently the same problem existed with
colleges and universities because they
took money from China and other places
and there would be
influence. So yes, we should know who's
influencing our colleges and
universities. That seems like a good
idea. According to uh Jerry Dun Levy,
who's writing for Just the News, um
there's new unredacted documents about
Hunter Biden search warrants uh that
details payments he received from
Ukraine and China and I guess some other
places like
Romania and elsewhere around the globe.
So we have actual
documents showing Hunter Biden getting
money from these other countries. Uh I'm
pretty sure that some of this was while
his father was vice
president. And I guess the IRS and the
FBI was fully aware that he was
receiving this money from foreign
sources, but there were no
investigations. There were no, you know,
no arrests, no nothing. So apparently
our, you know, major government entities
that are supposed to keep people, you
know, on the right side of the law, they
just saw this Biden crime family
situation and said, "Uh, we're not going
to touch
this." So apparently that the Biden
crime family was exactly what you
thought it was. They were taking money
from other countries and selling their
influence or at least the impression of
influence. I'm not sure how much
influence they actually
sold. Uh well, I'm loving I'm loving how
the Marilyn Dad who may or may not be
MS-13 story is developing because it
couldn't be more fun. Even though it's
terrible, it couldn't be more fun
because every day it seems like there's
a new revelation about the uh Kilar
Abrigo Garcia. So that that makes it
even more embarrassing for the Democrats
to be fully on board supporting this
guy. So, the latest is you already knew
that he had been once stopped uh while
he was driving a vehicle with eight
people in it who only had Garcia's home
address as their address. Now, that's a
strong indication that he was involved
in human trafficking. human trafficking,
meaning picking up people at the border
who were not citizens and delivering
them to the interior of the country and
having them, you know, stay here
illegally. But what we've learned is
that the vehicle did not belong to
Kilmar. It belonged to a somebody who
was a target suspected of human
trafficking.
Apparently the uh our authorities knew
that that particular vehicle made trips
to the southern border to pick up
non-citizens.
So pretty much for sure he was doing
human
trafficking. So now the Democrats have
to support somebody who who is credibly
accused of being an MS-13 guy and now
credibly accused of being a human
trafficker and credibly accused of being
a wife be
Peter. And you wonder how much deeper
this can go. Like like how many new
things can we find out about this guy? I
I feel like it's going to go. And uh
well, yes, it it did turn out he
murdered some nuns. And uh then a week
later, we'll find out, well, yes, he
kept their bodies in a freezer in the
basement. And then a week later, it'll
be like, he's a cannibal. He is a
cannibal. And and the Democrats will
still be racing down to El Salvador to
say, "Free the cannibal. The human
trafficker wife beating MS-13 cannibal.
free him now because process makes all
the difference. You know what I worry
about? This is something I learned from
the
Democrats. Um, you've probably heard
that there's something called the
Department of Justice and they will
often arrest people for things like
murder and then those people will be
sent to
jail, you know, if they if they're
convicted. And I'm thinking, isn't that
kind of a slippery slope? If they could
arrest people who are proven to have
murdered people and they could put those
people in jail, can't they pick up
people who have never murdered anybody
and never committed any crimes at all
and put them in jail, too? According to
Democrats, that would be a
risk. I learned that from the story
about Kilar Abrigo Garcia.
Well, Governor Abbott in Texas uh just
signed some legislation to give Texas
their own state doge. So, I guess
they're going to build the ability to
make their government more efficient.
But there was one thing that I loved
about the statement. Um so, this is from
Abbott. He said that the uh new Doge in
Texas uh it will ensure that Texas is
operating at the speed of business and
it will make it easier for Texans to do
business blah blah. I love that
framing that uh the government in Texas
will operate at the speed of business. I
don't think you could phrase that
better. Now, somebody said that that was
a UPS
um slogan from long ago, but no matter
where they got it, that is just such a
well-chosen phrase that the state could
operate at the speed of business because
that's exactly what you want. You want
the the government not to slow you down.
Speaking of that, according to the
Washington Times,
um the amount the amount that businesses
spend to satisfy federal regulations, of
which there are thousands of new ones
every year, is $2.1 trillion per year.
Yeah, actually more than that.
So the amount that we
waste by just satisfying various
infinite government federal this is just
federal this is not even
state 2.1 trillion per year that's the
same as the entire amount of the uh the
budget
deficit 2.1
trillion I think we can do
better maybe we
So, according to the Hill, the
Washington Post has struck a deal with
Open AI. So, now if you're using Open AI
and you're searching for something that
has been in the news, it will give you
uh summaries and quotes and links from
the Washington
Post. So, how do you feel about that?
The Washington Post will be a primary,
maybe the primary news source for the
biggest AI, Open
AI. Does it does that give you anything
to worry
about? Well, I'll tell you, my trust in
Open AI as a source of independent and
accurate information just went down
40%. Approximately 40%.
Because as you know, and of course I
can't prove this, but the Washington
Post has always been alleged to be kind
of tight with the intelligence community
of the United States. You know, sort of
working handinand glove. If the CIA
needed to get a message out, they could
do it through the Washington Post. Now,
that that's the allegation.
And then when Bezos bought the
Washington Post, which was bleeding
money, you probably said to yourself,
why would he do that? Like, why would
you buy something that really couldn't
possibly make money? And was it because
Jeff Bezos wanted to control the news?
There's not really any indication of
that, but would it be because Jeff Bezos
has a gigantic contract with the CIA for
cloud
services? And could it be that Jeff
Bezos was asked by the CIA to buy the
Washington Post so they still had an
entity that they could
control? Could it be? Now, I don't know.
I don't have proof of any of that, but
that's what it looks like.
And what this looks like is if you
assume that the CIA would really have to
give some kind of backdoor control of
the big AI companies, especially Open
AI. So my speculation is
that the intelligence people in this
country pretty much had to have a, you
know, a little bit of control over AI
because that's where everybody's going
to get their information. Probably had
some control over the Washington Post,
not for every story, but for things they
cared about. Probably had some influence
over Bezos buying the Washington Post. I
don't have any proof of that whatsoever.
It just sort of looks like it. And to
me, it looks
like they're making sure that their
source, you know, the one that they
would use if they needed to use it, the
Washington Post, is the one that the AI
refers
to. So, my trust in what I hear about
the news from Open
AI down
40%.
According to Scott
Presler, there are 13 Democrat Senate
seats up for reelection in 2020 or up
for election in
2026. So more than a third of the
Democrat senators are
retiring. More than a
third. So isn't that like incredible?
So, does it seem to you like if you're
trying to figure out what is our system
of government, you know, some would say
it's the deep state, some would say it's
the uni party. We'll talk about that in
a minute. Some would say, you know, it's
a competitive thing between two parties
and sometimes one wins and sometimes the
other. But I think we forget how much is
luck because this looks like the
luckiest thing that could possibly
happen for Republicans that just by
complete coincidence, you know, there's
no driving force for any of it. That a
third of the Democrats are up for uh
retiring. I mean, that kind of strongly
suggests that the Republicans are going
to have a vice grip on the Senate for a
while.
So, it's luck. I mean, that's just pure
luck. So, luck is apparently what runs
our country more than anything else.
Just pure
luck. Well, Mike Davis was appearing on
Steve Bannon's The War Room and he said
he met with Trump officials inside the
DOJ and arrests will come
soon. And I said to myself, arrests of
who?
for
what is it? Epstein
related? Is it deep state
related? Is it something about Soros's
prosecutors? Who exactly do you do we do
you think is going to get
arrested? And I'm going to join the
skeptics. Um cuz it seems to me that
Cash Patel and Dan
Bonino have been a little bit too quiet.
Now it could be they're just playing it
cool and there's something really big
coming like really big arrests maybe.
But I'm going to go contrarian on this
and say I don't think that we're ever
going to see any big arrests. Not for
Epstein. Not
for not for the Russia collusion hoax.
Not for any of the bad behavior that
we've all witnessed. Not for the Biden
crime family. Not for anything. So, I'm
going to say I predict no major arrests.
I just don't think it's happening. For
whatever whatever has allowed people to
run wild and commit just obvious crimes
right in front of the
public, there's something that's
protecting them. It might be, you know,
different things for different people,
but I don't think the thing that's
protecting them ever stopped. So,
whatever it is that protects them, it's
probably still there. So, I don't expect
any big arrests, but I'd love to be
wrong about
that. Well, James O'Keefe's uh
undercover operation, OMG, they got a
new video of uh a Department of Defense
branch
chief who says President Trump is quote
illegitimate and the branch chief has
vowed to quote resist him and everything
he does.
Can you believe that there's somebody
who works for Trump in the Department of
Defense, has a looks like a high level
job, a branch chief, and would say out
loud to a date that he plans to resist
him and everything he does.
Now, I assume he's already fired by now,
but it it's just unbelievable that our
government just doesn't even recognize
the elected leader. They're they're just
going to act like like they're doing the
right thing. The weirdest thing is that
the the guy that's on the undercover
video, he looks like a character from
Roblox, which is hilarious if you know
what Roblox is and you've seen the video
of him. if you haven't. It's not funny
at all, but it looks like Roblox.
Um
anyway, so New York Magazine has a uh
big piece about Alex
Soros and
um Alex Soros apparently um is very
committed to the far left of the
Democrat party, which is interesting to
me because that's what's going to keep
the Democrats from winning. So I think
Soros
senior who was really good at you know
keeping Democrats in power by funding
just the right stuff. He's replaced by
his son who is not nearly as clever
according to people who know them both.
And the son is very committed to uh the
far-left stuff, the progressive stuff,
which would suggest that at the moment
Alex Soros would be the main reason that
Democrats can never win again because as
long as they cling to, you know, funding
and promoting the far-left stuff,
they're going to be so far from what the
mainstream, you know, American actually
wants, they're going to be in that 2080
problem again.
So even though Soros says his main
priority is uh winning, so he wants to
keep Trump and the Republicans out of
office, but he seems to have picked the
one and only way that it can't
happen by promoting the least popular
things in
America. So good luck. Good luck with
that.
Well, I've talked before about a
researcher called Data
Republican, and if you're on X, you
should follow Data Republican. And Data
Republican has uncovered
uh what she describes as the uni party,
like the the nest, you know, it's almost
like I think there's a a nest of people
who are like the deep state uni party.
And apparently the NASA has been
discovered. Now, uh Mike Benz has, you
know, sort of commented on this like
this is a big discovery, but apparently
there's something called the US Global
Leadership
Corporation. Have you ever heard of it?
The US Global Leadership Corporation?
No, of course you haven't. You You've
never heard of it. and it
represents 400 NOS, non-government
organizations and
businesses. And it mission is to quote
support the smart power approach of
elevating diplomacy and development
alongside defense in order to build a
better safer world.
Now, as Data Republican explains, if
you've been with me long enough, meaning
if you follow Data Republican, you know
that is code for increasing NGO
influence in military affairs. So this
is a group of people who are
representing over 400 NOS's and all the
money that would be involved in that
whose main thing is to
essentially be a military
um assistant force so that if we're
going to take over a country or get you
know get military with it um these NOS's
would be the supporting entities. Now
apparently this organization the biggest
financial backers are Bill Gates and
George Soros Open Society
Foundation. So there's a big
organization 400
NOS's supported financially by Gase and
Soros. But what's interesting is the
people who are on the board. So the the
advisory board includes everything from
Hillary Clinton to a bunch of ex
secretaries of defense to a bunch of
senators to governors. And here's the
payoff. It's both
parties. This is the uni party nest.
So
um so what
uh so what uh data republican says is
the importance of this cannot be
understated. This is the first solid
confirmation I've seen that Soros and
Bill Gates are backers of the so-called
uniarty network. So you know how people
use the phrase uni party whenever war is
involved. So there's big differences
between Democrats and Republicans on a
lot of social domestic stuff, you know,
like trans and sports and, you know, DEI
and stuff like that. But there's another
level, you know, a higher level where
we're making decisions about where the
military is going to be deployed and how
how many trillions of dollars we're
going to spend bombing other countries.
That is often referred to as the uni
party because no matter how much we
disagree on domestic stuff,
somebody powerful is apparently all on
the same page, Republican and Democrat
when it comes to
war. Possibly because they benefit from
it. That would be my follow the money
speculation.
Maybe they're just true believers and
they think that, you know, the the US
needs this to project this kind of power
in order to be successful. But I feel
like it's far more likely that they're
just part of a an entity that supports
each other and have ties to the, you
know, military-industrial complex and
are wagging the dog in the United States
and causing at least causing from the
background more wars than we might have
wanted. So, we'll keep an eye on that.
But maybe the nest of the uni party has
been discovered. That would be kind of
interesting.
Um, the CBO has estimated that by 2035
the US debt could be $54 trillion. I
think there's no chance of that. We
would be dead long before that. Um, if
we get to a debt of $54 trillion in
2035, I don't think we can because I
don't think we'd be able to finance that
debt. I I think we everything would come
crashing down. But apparently that's
their estimate. $54 trillion by 2035.
There's no way we could survive that. So
if it happens, good luck.
Um there are reports that uh Elon Musk
had shouting matches with Scott Basend
um and that it happened in the White
House and it was within hearing distance
of the president and other people and it
went on for a while and I guess the
F-word was used and um some of it had to
do with staffing decisions.
Um but here's my take. I like Elon Musk
and I like, you know, the way he thinks
and I like Scott Bent and I like the way
he thinks. And then I doubly like the
fact that they're so passionate that
they would yell it out behind closed
doors. And I don't mind at all that the
word got
out because if if they had just simply
agreed on everything, I'd wonder what's
up.
But, uh, this is sort of my perfect
world when you've got two people that
capable, that well-informed, and that
connected to the world, and they have a
shouting
match. To to me, that's not bad news at
all. That That's sort of like, you know,
just what you'd want. You'd want people
really, really caring, really, really
smart, and if they disagree, they're not
going to give up. They they just go at
each other. So, I wouldn't be surprised.
You're going to see uh Elon Musk's
phasing out of his his government doge
work. Um I think some of that is because
it was going to happen anyway in May. I
think his time was
up. But I think that also it wasn't
working because because I think the uh
government sort of, you know, maybe is
open to anything new like a like a Doge
person coming in and shaking things up,
but in fairly quick order, they're going
to want to have their own
control. So, I think Elon Musk was
probably a little too dangerous to have
running around for too long in the
government. So, I think he did an
amazing job and may have created a
structure that can continue making
things more efficient and saving money,
but it should be said that um it never
got close to the trillion dollars. And I
think that's one of the things that
Scott Bent was criticizing him for. And
then uh Musk was allegedly criticizing
Basent for being some kind of a Soros
related person cuz I guess he worked
with Soros at one point. Uh so that
that's pretty exciting. But yeah, I
would expect that Ela Musk will uh phase
his time back to Tesla. And uh Tesla's
at a really exciting time. It it's weird
that their sales are down because the
political connection, but at the same
time, their products have never been
this exciting. I mean, they're right in
the edge of full auto taxi, robots,
um, you know, use your car for an
Uber. This is just the best stuff we've
ever seen in technology. This this is
like, you know, the birth of the
smartphone, the birth of the computer.
So Tesla is really really well
set for I don't know just maybe decades
of dominance in a few different areas.
So it does make sense that uh Musk would
turn his attentions back to work as we
all knew he would eventually. Um and I
hope that the political stuff doesn't
you know create too much of a drag on a
great company.
Well, according to China, the China
Commerce Ministry says there have been
no economic and trade negotiations
between China and the US. So, if you
thought to yourself, well, maybe Trump
hasn't talked to Chairman Xi, but surely
there are discussions going on at lower
levels. Nope. Apparently, there are not
discussions going on at lower levels
according to China.
Um but let's uh let's take a look at the
implications of that. According to an
article in Wired by Zeang,
uh even though China is limiting u US
access to critical minerals, it might
not be as bad as you assume because
we've all been told they need these
critical rare earth materials
um to build all kinds of technology from
your phones to your robots to your
electric cars and everything else. And
that's true, but um we're being reminded
by this article that uh you could live
without them. So, for example, your your
electric car could certainly operate
without some of the rare earth
materials. It might not last as long and
there might be a feature or two that it
can't do, but it'd still be an electric
car.
Um, and apparently there are a number of
examples of that where if you had to,
you could just sort of make your product
without some of those rare earth
minerals. It's just that it wouldn't be
as good, but you could still make it and
it would still be commercial and people
would still buy it.
And then also u this is what I was
wondering about but apparently Belgium
has emerged as a possible reexport hub
meaning that if people bought the rare
earth minerals from China
um China doesn't know where it goes
after that and that maybe some part of
the European Union could be buying these
rare earth materials. they'd have a
closer connection to the United States
than to China. And then the next thing
you know, the United States has some
rare earth minerals from China. But
China doesn't know that we have it. Now,
if if all the countries that we sanction
can pull this off, such as Iran, they
still manage to get stuff. And I'm sure
Russia still manages to get stuff. I
feel like we can do the same thing. you
you don't think we could figure a way to
smuggle in that rarer stuff. The other
thing I learned that I didn't know is
that even though it's critical
materials, we don't spend a
lot. It It's not like trillions of
dollars or anything. It's like a fairly
small amount of material, very
important, but small in terms of
quantity, but also small in terms of
dollar amount. So, one of the reasons
that we don't have, you know, new mines
and refineries popping up for these rare
earth minerals is that all it would
take, according to this article in
Wired, all it would take is one new
factory or refinery for one of those
minerals and it would create too much of
the mineral.
So apparently the demand is critical
because they're important, but it's a
small demand. Like it's not that many
dollars and it's not that many pounds of
material. So if you built a new
refinery, it would maybe crush the price
for the one mineral and your your
business model wouldn't work. So that's
interesting. I didn't know any of
that. But anyway, there might be
workarounds for the rare earth minerals.
We'll see. Um, according to Ryan
Peterson, who follows shipping, he's uh
I think he's
uh CEO of Flexport,
um or founder of or both, but uh
Flexports in the the shipping uh
industry. and uh he says that in the 3
weeks since the tariffs took effect
um the ocean container bookings from
China to the US are down 60%
industrywide and he predicts we'll have
mass shortages this summer as goods
don't show
up and even if things got fixed now it's
going to take till summer to get the
mass shortages I don't know shortages of
what specifically but it's going to be a
lot of
Um, a lot of companies sort of ordered
extra in anticipation of shortages
later. So once we work through the extra
that that people ordered, we're going to
just run dry for some things. And again,
I don't know which ones, but um and then
if we decided to suddenly ramp up, you
know, let's say the um tariff stuff was
all solved. If you solved it
immediately, you would still have a
problem that the ships had been used for
other things and there wouldn't be
enough ships to make up for the
shortfall because everybody would be
scrambling for the same materials. So,
we're going to have some pretty
serious shortages and maybe some our
factories will go idle and go out of
business. So, there's going to be some
disruption and the the faster the China
tariff situation gets solved, the better
we'll be. Now, we don't know yet
uh and I don't know, I guess if this
will hurt the United States more than it
will hurt China. So, of course, the game
here is that both will pretend, well,
you can't hurt me. We can we can work
with this. And each side will say, "No,
it's worse for you than it is for me.
You'll you'll crack." I don't know. Do
you think China's going to crack? I I
think Trump is uh wise to be moderating
his tone so that he's treating China as
a respectful, you know, peer that we
negotiate with and not somebody we're
trying to walk all over. So, we'll
see. Apparently, Trump has vetoed the
idea of increasing taxes on rich people.
There was an idea that the federal tax
on people making over a million a year
would go to something like
40%. But uh Trump says no because if you
raise taxes on the rich, they leave the
country and you need the rich to pay
taxes.
Now, I I'm not sure if that's the only
reason or if it's he's just being a
Republican and he doesn't want to raise
taxes on anybody, but uh he called it
very disruptive. So, I guess we're
probably not going to see taxes on the
rich go
up. According to the Wall Street
Journal, and this uh I don't know why
this took so long, there's new French
study that showed that uh sure enough,
not only is it true that some of the
additives in our food are bad for us and
cause diabetes and
whatnot. Um but if you combine them,
it's extra bad. So what the new study is
is not looking at one additive, which is
normally the way the studies work. They
would look at what happens if you have
several of these additives in the same
food. And apparently it's as bad as you
think. So if you add together multiple
additives in the same food, you've got a
much higher risk of type 2 diabetes and
god knows
what. So the food industry of course
defended it. uh and they say it's
important for food safety and quality.
But then you have to ask the question,
if it's important for food safety and
quality, why isn't it important in
Europe where a lot of this stuff's
illegal? I I guess they need to answer
that
question. Well, in other news related,
RFK Jr. is uh apparently noodling on
um removing the CDC's COVID 19 vaccine
recommendation for
children. Were you even aware that the
CDC was still recommending COVID 19
vaccines for children? How many of you
even knew that that was a a
thing? Well, here's the good news, and
this is reported in Politico. Here's the
good news. Apparently only 13% of
children have gotten that COVID shot. So
most parents are pretty keyed in that uh
young people don't really have a bad
time with CO and there's no reason to
add another risk on top of the CO
itself. So we don't know yet if Kennedy
will will actually pull that or get that
reversed, but I feel like it's going to
happen. If only 13% of people are
getting it anyway, it wouldn't be that
big of a shock to the system to say,
"Okay, this is not recommended." You
know, you could get it if you want, but
it's not it's not
recommended. Well, here's a
surprise. Um, so Senator Federman was
asked an interview with the Washington
Free Beacon, and he he said that we
should bomb uh Iran's nuclear sites. and
he says, quote, "Waste that shit." He
said, quote, "You're never going to be
able to negotiate with that kind of
regime that has been destabilizing in
the region for decades already. And now
we have an incredible window, I believe,
to do that and to strike and destroy
Iran's nuclear
facilities." How do you feel about
Federman
now? Not so good, right?
We we were enjoying watching Fedman
agree with Republicans on, you know, a
lot of stuff, at least the common sense
stuff. Um, but uh he seems pretty
pro-Israel and pretty pro-war, at least
in this particular context. And I have
to say that his credibility just went to
zero for me.
[Music]
Um, that do you feel comfortable with
that? the Fedman says, "Yeah, let's go."
You know, stop negotiating. There's
nothing. Now, I don't know that he's
wrong
uh in the sense that the negotiating
might never work. You know, we're
dealing with somebody we can't negotiate
with, maybe.
But uh I also think there's a nonzero
possibility that Iran might think that
for its own benefit it doesn't need to
be developing nuclear weapons cuz they
would get bombed. So they might think
we've got so many, you know, good
missiles and so many good drones now cuz
apparently they're pretty good at making
them that uh
militarily they would be better off
using missiles and drones anyway because
they're not going to get nuked if they,
you know, if they use non-uclear
weapons. So I don't know. I I think only
because missiles and drones are the new
way of war. Um, I think there might be
an opening in which they would think it
was to their own best interest to stop,
you know, refining things to weapons
grade in the nuclear
domain. That's what I feel like. I don't
I don't think it's likely we'll find an
agreement. I think he's right that, you
know, the Iran regime has shown that
they can't be trusted,
etc. But it's a little worrying that
he's so pro-war. Bomb him. Bomb him.
Yeah, I'm not I'm not comfortable with
that at
all. Um, meanwhile, economist Jeffrey
Sachs
um is saying that Ukraine will have to
agree to peace or continue without US
backing. Now, that's same thing I said.
Um, I think it's kind of obvious at this
point. He says, uh, quote, "One thing
that I'm pretty much convinced of is
that Trump will not go back to Congress
for more appropriations to fund
Ukraine's war or its military or
whatever one wants to call it." I
agree. So, Trump uh did a big truth post
about
Zalinski, you know, not wanting to give
up Crimea in order for peace. And Trump
explained in his post that uh Crimea is
a major Russian submarine base. So he's
explaining why that's not really in
play. Apparently it's mostly ethnic
Russians. I don't know if Trump said
that, but that's what I knew. So Crimea
is mostly ethnic Russians. How much do
they want to be in
Ukraine? I don't know. I'm not sure if
we can tell. But don't you think that
the people who are mostly Russian ethnic
Russians would be probably just as happy
being part of Russia because it's not
like Ukraine is the, you know, the
country where everything works
well. Yeah. It's the most corrupt
country in the world. So, I don't know.
The fact that they're mostly ethnic
Russians suggests to me anyway, and I'm
no expert. I have not visited there, but
it suggests to me that they probably
would be happier with Russia
control. And uh I guess Zilinski may
have thought that he was being asked to
recognize Crimea as Russianowned. And
Trump is telling him, "Nobody's asking
you to do that. The United States might.
The United States might agree to
recognize Crimea as part of Russia, but
he's not asking Ukraine to do it. So,
that's worth something. And he and he
calls Zalinski the man with no cards to
play and he says he should close this
deal right
away. Um, yes, he should. Now, at the
same time, I think last night, um,
Russia bombed Kiev and killed several
people and it was a pretty bad attack.
And, uh, Trump did a separate truth
telling Vladimir, "What the hell are you
doing? stop Homi of we're we're trying
to work out a deal here. It it was kind
of weirdly personal. You even though he
did it in public, you know, what are you
doing? Stop bombing cave. We're we're so
close to a deal. It's crazy. So, we'll
see if that
works. Uh, according to Politico. All
right, here's a test of your fake news
nose sniffer. Let's see if you can spot
the BS here. According to Politico, the
white the White House is debating
lifting sanctions on Russian energy
assets and the
Nordstream. Now, that sounds believable,
right? Because, you know, there's
negotiations about, you know, our our
interaction with Russia and our
interaction with Ukraine. And you could
imagine that Russia would ask for that
sanctions to be lifted. So it wouldn't
be a big surprise if the White House was
debating whether they should do it or
not. So that that sounds like it could
be true, right? Well, according to Marco
Rubio, who would certainly know what's
true or not in that domain, he said in a
post on X, this is
unequivocably false. But listen to the
specificity of how he debunks
it. It's a little too specific. right
now. The report is that the quote white
house is debating it. So that's the
report. When he debunks it, he says
this. Neither Steve Wickoff nor I have
had any conversations about lifting
sanctions against Russia as part of a
deal with Ukraine. Huh. Well, that's not
exactly what Politico said, is it?
Politico said the White House. The White
House is a lot of different people. you
know, including the president. But in
the in the debunking of it, Rubio says
only two people, Steve Wickoff and
Rubio. Now, that might be 100% true that
neither he nor Wickoff have had any
conversations about it. But does that
mean there's nobody in the White House
who's debating that?
It seems like his denial or his
debunking is a little too
specific. And he says, "This is
journalistic malpractice. If Politico
has an ounce of integrity, they'll
retract this
fiction." Um, okay. Uh, I'm going to say
that that's the sort of thing you would
expect people in the White House to be
debating, but if what Rubio is saying is
that the people who are, you know,
critical to that question are not
talking about it, it does mean
something. So, it's not nothing, but
that's a very specific
denial. You know, that that's usually a
key that there's a little something left
out. All right. According to the Daily
Mail,
um I didn't even know this, but
apparently China and Russia uh are
getting quite cozy with their space
programs. And now there are plans that
China and Russia would build a nuclear
power plant on the
moon to power their mining and their
their laboratories and god knows what
else they put up there. Probably
military stuff. But I'll tell you, if
you didn't think there was going to be a
war in
space, I hate to tell you, there's going
to be war in space. Yeah, war in space
feels just
guaranteed. You know, it might start
small with somebody takes down a
satellite or somebody tries to knock out
somebody's power plant and their, you
know, their moon base or something like
that. But I feel like space war is just
guaranteed, you know, just because of
human nature.
So
maybe and that ladies and gentlemen is
all I needed to talk about today. Um, I
will tell you that people have been
proddding me on
X to say bad things about
Israel. And people are saying to me,
Scott, when have you ever said anything
bad about
Israel? And I'm going to remind you that
what's the difference what my opinion is
of Israel?
Can anybody give me a reason why anybody
would care about my opinion of Israel?
It's not my
country. It's not my country at all. But
what I will note, and I've noted this
before, is that the people who seem to
be debating it are debating it on the
ethical and moral level. Like who's
who's the most immoral? Who's doing the
most unethical things? to which I say
none of that is
relevant. Somebody's opinion of what is
moral or ethical, I'm not even sure
that's a variable that has anything to
do with anything because countries do
what's good for
countries. And you know, as soon as you
get into people are dying, it's it all
looks immoral. It all looks unethical.
And if you say to me, but but but Israel
had a good reason because of October
7th, then I say to you, sure, if I were
Israel, I would make the same claim. It
would be a strong claim. And I would use
that opportunity to do the things that I
wanted to do but couldn't do before,
which is improve security. And in this
case, it looks like trying to destroy
Hamas completely.
And then I saw some people say, "All
right, imagine this thought experiment.
If Israel decided to lay down all of its
arms and not fight, what would Hamas
do?" And then of course the answer is
Hamas would kill everybody in Israel.
And then the question would be, "But if
Hamas laid down their arms, what would
be the response?" And of course,
everybody says, "Oh, Israel would just
accept the peace and then everybody
would live in peace." So therefore,
Hamas is the bad one. But again, that
gets into
the sort of ethical moral dimension,
which I don't have any interest in
whatsoever.
uh what I see is a power play and
whoever is in power is going to you know
execute based on their national interest
and what their power can get them. And
so when I watch a country doing
something that's clearly in their best
interest, which is what Israel is doing,
clearly they're operating in their own
best interest, um it's hard for me to
criticize that because if the situation
were I won't say reversed, but if the
United States were in that same
situation, we would do whatever is good
for the United States and it might be
absolutely brutal and whoever's on the
receiving end of it wouldn't like it at
all. But I think the most I hate to say
the most normal thing in the world is
that the people with the power will
pursue their national interest in ways
that other people aren't going to like
at all. And you know, most countries are
founded on the backs of somebody who got
conquered anyway. You know, that is the
most normal
thing. So I was trying to think of
some story or analogy that would explain
it the best. And so I'm going to try one
you even though analogies are not part
of reason. We'll see if this gets
anywhere. If somebody said to me, Scott,
the only way you could save your life is
to kill a thousand
babies. What do you
choose? Well, I'd like to think, you
know, it's easy for me to say since it's
hypothetical. I'd like to think I would
say, "Oh,
man. Uh, I'd hate to die, but I don't
want to kill a thousand babies. That
would be immoral and ethical." No, I
can't do that. I I will sacrifice myself
for the thousand babies. Wouldn't
you? I think you'd agree with that,
right? I mean it would be tough to be in
this situation but at least in a ideal
situation I would choose the thousand
babies over me. Now let's modify that a
little bit and somebody says Scott the
only way you can save your entire
country the United
States the every single person is going
to die unless you kill a thousand
babies.
What do I do then? It's just as immoral,
right? It's just as unethical. It's just
as evil to kill a thousand
babies. But in that case, because
self-defense is is invulnerable to
morality and ethics really, uh if the
self-defense is big enough, you're
saving an entire country, which would
include saving a lot more babies than
you would kill.
I would say where are those babies and
when could I get started because saving
the country would be a you know a bigger
priority than saving a thousand
babies. So the thing I would add to the
conversation is if Israel is doing
something to you that looks like killing
a thousand
babies but their
alternative looks to them and they're
the only ones who get to decide. It
looks to them like they could lose their
entire country to, you know, a rising
force that wants to kill every one of
them. Then it's sort of none of my
business. They get to make that
decision. Everybody gets to decide what
your own self-defense looks like. And
other people don't get to tell them that
was unethical or that was immoral or we
wish you hadn't done it. I mean, we
could we could move our lips
But it's not really part of the
decision. So when I look at Israel doing
some pretty brutal stuff with
Gaza, I don't say to myself, is it
ethical or moral? I say to myself, is it
self-defense? And if it's self-defense
or they reasonably believe it's
self-defense, I don't even have to be
the the judge of whether it is. If they
reasonably believe it's self-defense,
it's not really a moral or ethical
question. It's
self-defense. And I do think they have
an argument that it's
self-defense. Um, and it wasn't I don't
think it's Israel's fault that Hamas
wraps itself around the um around this
civilian population. It does make it a
gigantic tragedy.
So, I'm not I'm not uh devaluing the the
horror of it. You could still say the
horror is a 10. 10 out of 10. Okay. But
in the real world, when people have a
self-defense motivation and they've got
one shot and October 7th made it
possible for Israel to take its one
shot, don't be surprised if they take
it. But here's the important thing. If
you thought that I just gave you an
opinion on Israel, it was the
opposite. All I did is describe the
world. I didn't give you an opinion on
Israel because my opinion on Israel is
completely
irrelevant. Israel will do what's good
for Israel because they have the power
to do so. If Hamas had the power, they
would do what Hamas wants and it would
be pretty brutal.
and my opinion wouldn't matter to that
either. So, stop trying to drag me into
it because it's really just a up
way to find a way to criticize public
figures. So, I'm not in this fight. Uh,
I care what's good for
America and I care about America's
self-defense and America's
well-being. Israel's on its
own. If you ask me, should we pay for
it? I'd say no. because that's not my
best
interest. So just keep me out of the
Israel Hamas thing because my opinion of
what's ethical or moral has nothing to
do with anything. It's a power play.
It's a self-defense play. It's a
national interest play. And the people
who have the power are going to get what
they want. And that's just the way the
world works. And that's an
observation, not an opinion. You don't
need my opinion. has no value here
whatsoever. All right, so I just wanted
to clarify that because people have been
asking me on
X. All right, ladies and gentlemen, I'm
going to say some stuff privately to the
local
subscribers and the rest of you. Thanks
for joining. Come back tomorrow, same
time, same place. And locals coming at
you in 30
seconds. Just enough time for Oops. Is
that
working? Might have a problem here. All
right. So, I'm having a technical
problem where updating the stream is not
working, which suggests that I cannot go
private with the people on locals at the
moment, but I didn't have much else to
say, so you're not missing anything. Um,
so I'm going to see if I can close the
stream, and if that doesn't work, I'll
have to close the application. All
right.
Say
goodbye. Let's see if this
works. Uh, no, that's not working. So, I
have to close the application and reopen
it and close it. But then we will
disappear.