And here I am. Just checking on your
stocks and they look to be up. Stocks
are
up. Inflation rose by
2.3%. Which I think is good news,
right? All right, let's get my comments
working and then we got a show. Then we
got a show. Come on in here. You'll love
it.
[Music]
Oh, a mystery just got
solved. Uh, I can't tell you what it is,
but in the comments, somebody just
solved a mystery for me.
Good. Good morning, everybody, and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams, and it's the best thing
that ever happened to you. But if you
want to take a chance on taking this up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains. All you need is a cuper mug or a
glass of tanker cheline in a canteen jug
or
flask. A vessel of any kind. Fill it
with your favorite liquid. I like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine end
of the day. The thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip and it happens right
now.
Go.
Perfection. Well, let's talk about the
news, shall we? We'll start with some
science. Get you warmed
up. Uh, USA scientists, they found a
molecule they think could cure
baldness. So, they got a cure for
baldness, they think. Do you know when
was the first time I read a news story
that said science had a cure for
baldness? Probably 50 years ago. Do you
know when was the second time? Probably
49.5 years ago. Every six months I see a
story that baldness has maybe been
cured. Do you know how much baldness has
been cured in the last 50 years of great
advancements in curing
baldness? Not a
lot. And generally, if they find
something that does cure your baldness
and makes your penis not work, it's
pretty much a pretty much a guarantee.
So, no, I don't believe anything about
any story that says they're going to
cure my baldness or anybody
else's. According to uh story in
Newsweek, psychopaths are more
attractive. Did you know that
psychopaths are more attractive and
therefore um because people trust
attractive people? They shouldn't, but
they do. Uh the psychopaths can get away
with more because they get trusted
because they're attractive. Now, here's
my question to
you. Where's the cause and where's the
effect?
If psychopaths are more
attractive. I've told you this story
before about when I was very young. I
remember looking in the mirror and
saying to myself,
"Looks like you're not going to play in
the
NBA. Probably not. You know, chances are
you won't play in the NBA." And so I
planned my life around the alternative,
which is, you know, go to college and
build up my
brain. Do you think the
psychopaths when they're very young,
they can tell they're unusually
attractive already? And they're not
psychopaths yet, but they quickly learn
that because they're attractive, they
can get away with murder.
So I think being attractive turns you
into a
psychopath because you don't need to
worry about
consequences whereas I have to worry
about consequences. So I'm that's why
I'm such a nice guy. But you know you've
heard that uh power corrupts and
absolute power corrupts absolutely. Is
that all that's going on? Could it be
that the attractiveness power of the
psychopath uh well it starts maybe it
just starts as attractiveness power but
then they just
become psychopaths. I don't know just my
hypothesis. Here's a uh study that's I
found interesting that if you want to
change your location
um well apparently Nobel Prize winners
are more likely to be Nobel Prize
winners if they have changed their
location more times. So in other words,
if you used to live in one place but
then you moved and maybe you moved
again, you're more likely to become a
Nobel Prize winner.
And there's a reason for that. If you
were uh let's say you were a a genius
and you were born in Silicon Valley with
other geniuses, you would fairly soon
become like the other people. So it
would be really good that you were
around other geniuses. That would be a
real advantage, might make you smarter,
but only to a certain level. And then
you would be sort of into group think.
This this is the the thought from this
study from the Ohio State University.
But if you were, let's say, a
scientist and you learned everything
from the other scientists who lived
where you live because you'd have some
association with them and then you
moved, you'd get a whole new bunch of
scientists and uh that could take you to
another level. But I would uh I would
extend this from Nobel scientists to
just ordinary creative people trying to
create because one of the things I
noticed is that changing where where I
am physically, you know, not the city
but just changing well sometimes city
but changing the um room you doing some
work at Starbucks. Uh I've tried going
to the library.
It all works. Every time I change my
location,
uh, you know, I can do more work. So,
try it. Change your location if you're
not being creative
enough. Well, if you haven't seen the
videos, uh, Saudi Arabia is really
rolling out the the red carpet, as they
like to say, for Trump, who has arrived
there today. Um, they had three Saudi
jets uh, give him give Air Force One an
escort.
um which I don't think was necessary for
any additional protection, but it just
made it look like a big deal. Um it was
kind of impressive because they had the
videos of the Saudi uh jets, you know,
just sort of following him in. Then the
uh crown prince uh met Trump on the
tarmac, which apparently is not their
normal protocol. So, that was another
another gesture of
respect. And what I didn't know, I I
thought it was just going to be the
crown prince and and Trump, but
apparently this is an enormous
um event with the top
billionaires, at least the top American
billionaires from Black Rockck,
Blackstone, Croup, Qualcomm, IBM. So, so
you're getting the the richest people in
the world, but you're also getting So,
these these are people who are going to
be at the same
lunch, right? If if you know the drama
involved in these personalities, it's
really funny that the the same people,
this group of people will be at the same
table for lunch. Elon Musk, Larry Frink,
Sam Alman, and Reed Hoffman. Now,
there'll be lots of other people there,
so but I'd love to see the seating
chart. Can you imagine if they put Elon
Musk between Sam Alman and Reed
Hoffman? If you don't know the
background, you Elon Musk has a little
bit of friction with those two guys. a
little bit of
friction and even Larry Frink, you know,
was the main DEI guy and ESG guy for a
long time. So even he couldn't
necessarily sit next to Elon
Musk. So I think there's a possibility
of a fist
bite. But the the other thing that um
I'm wondering is apparently the people
who were smart say that this kind of a
trip is always associated with
pre-arranged
deliverables meaning that the deals have
already been made but they'll just be
sort of announced and make it look like
it was because of the trip. Yeah, I
guess indirectly it is because of the
trip. Um, but when you have this many
billionaires and
CEOs, I feel like the quantity of
potential
deals might be pretty tremendous. And
and I'm guessing
that Saudi Arabia will be the uh the
source of the money and maybe a lot of
these people who are showing up think
that they will be the beneficiaries of
some of that flowing money. So Trump has
said something like bringing a trillion
dollars of investment back. Um I think
that might happen. He might come back
with a trillion dollars worth of
investments. Well, in un in other news,
uh you know Elon Musk has the Boring
Company. That's that big machine that
digs tunnels and they just uh upgraded
it so it doesn't need a person on the
inside. It's a total robot tunnel
digger and it's a they finally achieved
what they call zippit zpit zero people
in tunnel. So it's just a robot tunnel
digger. Now I would like to see two
things. One, I'd like to see those
tunnels be about five times bigger
because they're still tiny little
tunnels. I don't I don't know if I'd
want to be inside one of those tunnels
if I could if I knew I were inside it.
The other is I'd love to see some
technology for digging straight
down. It's impressive that that this
tunnel digger can go from left to right.
Uh but wouldn't it be great if you could
if you could find some way to
economically dig far enough that you
could get to geothermal power? If you go
down deep enough, you have unlimited
energy because the, you know, the
geothermal
um situation. It would be different
everywhere. You know, how I guess how
far you'd have to dig and how hard it
would be. But wouldn't it be amazing to
have something along the lines of the
Boring Company? It would be all
different technology because it would be
drilling, not tunneling. But that would
make everything work.
You would have
unlimited energy and it would be clean.
Everybody would be happy with it. All
you need is technology to be able to
drill a a really deep hole where it gets
really hot and do it reliably and
economically. I'd love to see
that. Well, here is the least surprising
news of the day. PJ Media's reporting on
this, Matt Margolus, that apparently the
Joe Biden job creation numbers were more
fake than we
imagined. Now, how fake were they? You
know, you're used to seeing job numbers
come out and then then later they get
revised down. So we're we're kind of
conditioned for the idea that that
employment numbers, you know, job
numbers might be a little bit managed if
you know what I mean. Well, how managed
were they? Uh according to the new
figures, and this is from the
government. So this is not an outside
entity judging the government. This is
from the
government. According to the new
figures, the
399,000 jobs that the Biden team claimed
that they created
um was not 399,000 jobs. So, let's round
that off to
400,000. So, it turns out maybe Joe
Biden did not own did not create 400,000
jobs. They're they're revising it down a
little bit. Do you know what they
revised it to?
uh lost a thousand
jobs. What
uh or or there's I see another estimate
that says instead of adding almost
800,000 jobs during the middle of last
year, the economy likely shed more than
160,000. So it wasn't only that they
revised it downwards. It went from
wildly positive to well well it might
have been negative, you know, could have
been
negative. Now, how many of you remember
when uh I had
my Democrat uh debate friend on uh
comedian whose name I can't remember
right now? Can anybody remember his
name? Um, and he now has a show on CNN,
the humor
show. And uh, I said something about the
Biden employment numbers always getting
revised down. And he he doubted me
because my source was not good. Black.
Yes. Uh, yeah. Mikely Mikey in black.
and he challenged me because I did not
have a source, which was a good
challenge because
uh I was under the
impression that his numbers always got
revised, but I didn't have the data at
hand or a source or a link or anything.
So, that was a perfectly reasonable
thing to ask about. But turns out uh
that my that my instinct about this was
right on point.
right on point. It It's sort of stunning
the degree to which the Biden
administration was a complete
lie. Uh the funny thing is that uh
Democrats are so hypnotized by their own
media that if you ask them uh could you
compare
the truth or the honesty of the Biden
administration versus Trump? Every one
of them. Every one of them would say,
"Oh my god, Trump's this big old liar.
Lying liar. All he does is lie." Uh,
it's a good thing that Biden never did
that. Everything that Biden did was a
lie. From the from the Biden crime
family stuff to the jobs reports to how
well his brain was working. Everything
just everything about Biden was a lie.
Now, it might be that, you know, most
things about presidents are not exactly
true, but uh it it would be amazing. I
saw somebody do this. Was it Scott
Jennings maybe challenged somebody on
the panel on CNN? Uh and and he just
laughed when they said that Biden was,
you know, more honest.
Anyway,
um RFK Jr. was praising
uh he was praising Trump for his uh
executive order that would lower pharma
costs in the United States and uh would
make us pay no more than other
countries, which would be a gigantic
reduction in costs. Um but RFK Jr. was
doing his little public statement about
it. Trump was there. And here's what he
said. He said, "I have a couple of kids
who are Democrats, big Bernie Sanders
fans, and when I told them that this was
going to happen, um, they had tears in
their
eyes. So, this is something that Bernie
wanted, you know, the lower pharma
costs, but they could never get it
done."
Um, and even, uh, RFK Jr. thought it
would never happen in his lifetime.
So, here's the fun part. Apparently,
Bernie Sanders is so on board with
Trump's executive order, but he doesn't
think that it will necessarily survive a
a court challenge. Now, now, who the who
the hell is going to challenge it in
court? I I get that you shouldn't do
everything with an executive order. I
get it. But is there really going to be
a Democrat or or group of Democrats who
insist that we pay more for
pharmaceutical
stuff? Bernie thinks so because uh
Bernie has said publicly now uh he goes
further as Trump well knows his
executive order will be thrown out by
the courts. Will it? It will only be
thrown out if a Democrat takes it to the
court. How in the world are they going
to survive that politically if they take
that to the
court? But I suppose Bernie probably
knows his party better than I
do. I guess I would reflexively disagree
with anything Trump does. But uh here's
the good news. He says if Trump is
serious about making real change rather
than just issuing a press release, oh
come. It's an executive order, not a
press release. He will support
legislation I will soon be introducing
to make sure we pay no more for
prescription drugs than people in other
major countries. Major countries. Ah
maybe he'll limit it to major countries.
We'll see if Republicans and Democrats
come together on this. We can get it
passed in a few weeks. So unless there's
a trick in there and maybe the trick is
the major countries.
Um, it looks like Bernie Sanders is
fully on
board with Trump's uh executive order.
He just wants to make it stronger and
make it part of uh part of the
law. So, we'll see if that's real or
that's not real. But I I can't wait to
see which Democrat would take a chance
on challenging this in
court. Do Do you think that's possible?
I'm I'm going to make a prediction that
even the Democrats are not dumb enough
to go allin on we should pay more for
pharmaceutical cuz we hate
Trump. I don't think they can do it. I
mean, they've done some crazy things
just to be on the other side of Trump,
but I don't think they can do this. And
you know, even Jasmine Crockett can't do
this. She might try though.
Anyway, uh as you know, uh Trump has
allowed uh refugee status for the uh
Africaner the the white African South
Africans who are want to escape the
possible genocide in South Africa. Now,
there's some disagreement. If you watch
MSNBC, you'll find out there's there's
no white genocide in South Africa. And
and there's violence. You know,
everybody has violence. So why would we
be favoring the white people in South
Africa, says
MSNBC, when everybody's, you know, it's
a dangerous place? And, you know,
there's just very, very little uh
evidence that many farmers have been,
you know, lost their land or been killed
or anything. But it's only like 59
people, I guess, at least initially.
And I just love the I love the trolling
aspect of this combined with the fact
that I do think that if if I were living
there based on what I've seen in the
news and what looks like is coming and
it's more about what's coming because if
you look at the rhetoric the rhetoric in
South Africa is looking it's looking
pretty dangerous. So, if I were a white
resident of South Africa, I feel like I
might want to get out of there. And the
fact that uh, you know, Trump's all in
on that, it just gives MSNBC something
to talk about that doesn't matter.
Now, I don't know what's, you know, true
or what's not true in South Africa, but
the fact that it just gives gives MSNBC
something unimportant. I mean, you know,
if you look at the whole world and the
country, it's not the most important
thing happening. There's 59
people. So, anyway,
uh I guess I just enjoy the fact that
they don't like it.
Well, the Diddy trial is uh going now,
and uh I guess the Diddy defense is
going to be that the violence really did
happen, but it wasn't part of sex
trafficking. Boy, you know, you never
want to be in legal trouble where your
best defense is that your violence was
real. Well, my violence was real. Yeah,
sure. Uh, I did beat up some women, but
uh, it was part of a consensual sex acts
and you know, maybe they liked it a
little bit or um, that's your best
defense. Uh, but definitely wasn't sex
trafficking. Oh, no. Oh, no. No. It was
just violence, people. No sex
trafficking. So, he's been accused of
drugging people and bribing people and
disgusting sex acts. And there was
something about a male escort who was
paid thousands of dollars to get with
his girlfriend Cassie. Well, did he
watched?
Um, wow. This doesn't seem like the
dangerous stuff yet, does it? Weren't
you expecting that the Diddy trial
would would present a whole bunch of
things that were not just about Diddy?
Like you'd find out about other people?
I'm starting to think there won't be
anything about other people, you know,
at least other famous people. There
there'll be other things about, you
know, the male escort that he paid and,
you know, the girlfriends that he did
bad things to, but I feel like this is
going to be really limited to just
Diddy. Um, which, you know, has to be
done. But, uh, if you were hoping for
this to give you real news about other
people, probably not.
Um the uh credentials committee in
another story sounds like the same story
because it's so disgusting but the
Democratic National Committee the ones
who had elected uh David Hog as their
co-chair
uh there's something called the
credentials committee. So the Democratic
National Committee has a credentials
committee and they they voted that Hog
the Hog election had not followed proper
parliamentary
procedures. Uh and then they'll have to
decide whether he can run again.
So, so the Democrats used a rules trick
to get rid of their own
guy, which is so Democrat. You know,
we've been talking before about the
Democrats uh they're not so much about
policy and ideas because they don't have
any policy ideas, but they're all about
gaming the rules. you know, you know, I
think Mark Elias just sued Wyoming for
something again, trying to game the
rules. So, they game the rules even on
their they they've turned their weapons
on their own uh people. So, they somehow
they came up with some weird
parliamentary procedure thing to get rid
of David Hog, but he's not gone gone. I
guess he could rerun for his own for his
own seat, but the odds of him getting
elected probably went way down.
Um, and this is after David Hog was on
uh Bill Maher's show saying something
like
uh that uh young men just want to get
laid and have
fun. And uh that's what the Democrats, I
guess, didn't understand about young
men. And I'm thinking to myself, I I
think again, you're way off. Now, of
course, young men want to do those
things, but if you're if you're
following the news or my podcast, you
know that young men are the biggest
uptick in
church that there there's a much bigger
trend toward young men wanting to become
religious and wanting to become
conservative.
And
um apparently enrollment in the military
is way up which is mostly young men. Now
why do young men volunteer to be in the
military? Now in some cases they might
think it's their their best, you know,
economic play, you know, depending on
how what they're prepared for. Um, but
to me it seems like the trend is away
from wanting to just get laid and have
fun. Even drinking is down. You know,
the the amount of drinking is down among
the young. I think young men are seeking
meaning. And uh I guess Charlie Kirk did
a good job of of saying that that young
men
are far more if you're looking for a
trend, they're trying to find some
meaning. Because the old days, everybody
was just getting ready to be a good
husband and that option seems to be
decreasing. I mean, they still might
want it, but it just doesn't seem to be
as
available because of economics and other
things. So, I think once
again, the uh Democrats just don't
understand their own public. Um, you
know, it'll always be true that young
men want to get laid and have fun, but
the the search for
meaning just seems like a bigger deal to
me in terms of a you know, a direction
for things.
Um, now here's a uh here's a I don't
know if this is a trend or just a a
thing, but have you noticed that there's
a gigantic difference in
the let's say uh mental
capacity of Democrat supporters versus
Republican. Now, I'm not saying that if
you measure the IQ of one group versus
the other there'd be a difference. I
don't know that there would be. But in
terms of the people who were
prominent, if you look at who's
prominent on the Democrat side, you get
people like Hog and Jasmine
Crockett, you know, just to pick
two. Now, they're not really the
brightest
people, at least in terms of
politics. Um, but I've said this before.
I think I said this on X and uh Elon
Musk agreed with me on X that the
smartest people seem to have all moved
to the Republican side because it's the
common sense side. It's hard to be smart
and be opposed to common sense.
But just just to give you a sense of the
difference between the Democrat side
saying just one crazy thing after
another and the Republicans. The
Republicans have um on their side I
would say
uh you've heard of Data Republican. So,
Data Republicans, a woman who is just
great with data and has uh surfaced
things
that would be hard to surface just
because she's good with data. So,
recently she put together a giant
spreadsheet that you could download and
you could check yourself that shows all
where George
Soros gave his money. So, you can see
the Soros grants. I guess Alex Soros at
this
point. Now, isn't that useful to
actually understand the real world?
You'd want to know where Soros put his
money. Now, who do who on the Democrat
side could do that? They don't have they
don't have data
Republican. That's just something on one
side. who
uh who on the Democrat side has a Mike
Benz who can explain to you in great
detail all of the NOS's and how the
money has been essentially laundered and
you know how the CIA is all part of it
etc. They don't have a Mike
Bentons. What about Victor Davis Hansen?
You know, they do have some historians
on the Democrat side, but they just seem
like crazy
partisans. You know, they don't sound
as, you know, authoritative or as smart
or as balanced as Victor Davis Hansen.
What about uh I'm I'm going to throw
Charlie Kirk in here. If you haven't
seen Charlie Kirk's videos of all the
public events he's doing, where he does
a public debate with anybody who wants
to, basically, so people go up to the
microphone and they challenge him with
one thing after another. And one of the
things we've learned is that Charlie
Kirk is way smarter than I thought he
was. you know, uh, it turns out he has a
pretty deep, not pretty deep, but a very
deep understanding of all of these
topics. And watching him just dismiss
one person after another, you think to
yourself, "Oh my god, you know, I'm glad
he's on our team." Um, of course,
there's Elon Musk and Doge, smartest
people
ever on the Republican team. And I'm
going to say maybe on the Trump team as
much as the Republican team. A lot of it
is uh yeah, a lot of it is uh Trumpish
because Trump is the common sense guy.
David
Sachs, it every time I hear David Sachs
explain something complicated, I think
to myself, "Oh, now I understand it
because he's just so freaking smart."
And I'm going to throw myself in there
because I've, you know, added to the
persuasion understanding of the of the
Republican proTrump side. I don't think
there are people like
that. There's there's just a huge
difference in capability of the people
who are involved and, you know, publicly
involved in
stuff. So, is that just my impression?
because it's possible I'm just so biased
that I can't see the difference. So, I
see in the comments somebody throwing
Megan Kelly in there. Yeah, let's let's
throw Megan Kelly and Joe Rogan in
there. Not as necessarily Trump
supporters, but um you know, important
voices that are the best of the best in
podcasting. I think the Democrats will
probably catch up and have some big
podcasts, but I haven't really heard of
any. Um, that's probably just because I
don't pay attention to that part of the
world. Uh, oh, somebody's throwing in
Jack Pabic. I'll throw I'll throw him in
there. What about
um Steve
Bannon? Steve Bannon isn't just um the
guy who needs a haircut who does a show
every day. Steve Bannon is really
smart. I don't know if you understand
how smart he is. He's really smart. like
super
smart. Even if you disagree with them,
you have to give him that.
So, it does seem to me like there's a
just an
enormous talent difference at this
point. Yeah, you could throw I'm seeing
lots of other names go by. I won't
uh I won't have to list every name, but
there there's a big difference in uh
capability at this point.
Anyway, uh Sam Alman was talking about
where AI is going. He says 2025 is the
year of the AI
agent. Now, the AI agent would be you
can have an AI that acts like a person
who does whatever you want it to do. Uh
you know, work tasks or personal tasks.
I'm not so sure because I don't think
there is yet a AI agent that won't
hallucinate. If there is, you know,
maybe I could be corrected on that, but
I feel like they don't have a solution
for AI agents. I think it would either
be too dangerous.
Um, I think they're
close, but I don't know if they can
close that last gap where the AI agent
is dependable.
So, we'll see. I mean, there's no reason
I would be right on that where, you
know, if you were going to bet, you
would bet on Sam Alman. You wouldn't bet
on me. But I'm a little bit skeptical
cuz
uh I if it could be done, I think it
would have been done
already. He thinks 2026 will be the year
of scientific research and
breakthroughs. In other words, AI doing
its own scientific research and
breakthroughs.
That could be true. Then 2027 is when AI
and robotics
um get together and then you've got
robots and AI. Now in theory there will
be Optimus Prime that will be driven by
AI and that will be uh available at
least in small amounts at the end of
this year. I wouldn't be too surprised
if that got pushed back. So, uh, I think
maybe Sam Alman's estimate that it's
2027 is probably right. And I I think
that that may have to do with the fact
that you need you can't quite trust the
AI yet. So, putting it in a robot might
be a little dangerous in 2025. I think
it's doable. You know, you could have a
robot in
2025, but probably 2027 is when we trust
it. Now, if you haven't seen it, there's
a video of the Optimus robot uh doing
jazz
dancing. It's not just dancing, but but
it's looking like an actual dancer. You
know, it's got moves that don't look
like a robot, looks like a person. And
but but as I was watching this, you
know, I was watching it with the sound
off. And I thought to myself, how much
does a robot
weigh? Does anybody have an idea? How
how much will the optimist weigh?
Because could you imagine having the
apartment beneath beneath the apartment
that has a robot in
it? Could you just
imagine what it would be like in in the
first floor apartment if the second
floor apartment has an Optimus? Clump
clump clump clump clump clump. Hey,
Optimus, show everybody you can dance.
Clump clump clump clump clump clump.
There's going to be a real problem with
the with the downstairs apartments, let
me tell you. Uh, all right. Speaking of
robots, um, I saw this I saw this story
before and I skipped it the first time
or two I saw
it because I thought it was more of
those uh, someday we'll be able to do
this, which is way less interesting than
we can do this now. But apparently this
is a a real thing that exists now that
China's doing. They've so they've got a
robot dog, four-legged firefighting
machine. So I guess it connects to a
hose and it can go into the most
dangerous places because it's really
good at balance. So even if the stairs
are giving out, it it can overcome that.
It can cool itself if it gets too close
to the fire. And it can shoot water like
crazy because, you know, it carries a
hose. And it can even shoot air because
I guess sometimes a strong blast of air
will kill a fire pretty quickly, too.
Now, this is not
apparently this is not theoretical. It's
already in play. So they're already
fighting fires with a robot dog in
China.
So that's amazing. I the the story is
coming from Mashable. Now I don't know
if you can completely trust stories
coming out of China, but if if this is
true that they already have a robot dog
firefighter, that's going to be pretty
amazing. Could you imagine being trapped
in a fire and the robot dog is the first
one that gets there, but it can't really
carry you out because it's just a robot
dog. Doesn't really have enough hands
for
that. I guess we'll have the optimist
for
that. All right. Uh well, the uh Jake
Tapper book is out with co-author Alex
Thompson. Now, that's the one that
promised to be uh we imagined would be
full of really shocking things about Joe
Biden from behind the scenes. And so
far, the only thing I've heard uh from
the book is that uh I guess it's out
today, but uh that Joe Biden's physical
deterioration was so severe that his
advisors privately discussed the
possibility he might need a wheelchair
if he won
re-election.
Now, that's not too surprising if
anybody saw him walk and fall over and
stuff like that. So, and the fact it was
privately discussed, that makes perfect
sense. But is that the most shocking
thing in the
book of all the things in the book?
We're not even going to talk about his
mental deterioration. We're going to
talk about his ability to
walk. That I feel like I was expecting a
lot more. Weren't
you? So maybe somebody only read the
first chapter or something, but
shouldn't there be way more shocking
relevant re
revelations? I'm a little low on
shocking revelations here. So Jake,
we're expecting more. I hope there's
more of this going to come out.
Apparently uh Apple Apple is now working
with a startup called
Synchron to uh connect their phone to
your brain directly. So this would be
for disabled people at least initially.
Wall Street Journal was reporting this.
So they've they've got so Synchron is
trying to do the same thing uh that
Neurolink does, which is literally
physically connect some device to your
brain. So they uh they have a stent-like
device that's implanted in a vein at top
the brain's motor cortex. Now that's
kind of surprising.
Does it surprise you that connecting to
one
vein near the brain would allow you to
read brain
signals? And that's pretty amazing if
you could do that. Anyway, um and then
it translates the signals into icons on
screen. Now, I saw some critic in the
comments saying that uh uh Apple hasn't
developed basically anything useful
since Steve Jobs
left. Left as in, you know, died.
Um and I wonder if this will be it. But
even this is sort of a follower thing
because you know Neurolink it would be
way
ahead. Yep. Brain vein
signaling. Anyway, so we'll see about
that. It seems to me that if it starts
with disabled people, it wouldn't be
long before you would want to have one
of those brain stances in in your own
brain. How many of you would let
somebody drill into your head and give
you a brain stent just so you could
control your phone
better? I don't know if I'd be up to be
the first person to do that, but you go
first.
Well, um, as you know, one of the
biggest problems in the United States
for developing anything is it takes too
long to get approval, especially in the
uranium/nuclear front. But, uh,
according to interesting engineer
engineering, the US is going to
fasttrack a Utah uranium mining permit.
Now, how long do you think it would
normally take to get a uranium mining
permit? And I guess this isn't a mine
that used to exist but got closed for
some reason. They're reopening it. But
what do how long do you think it would
take? Probably years,
right? And why would it take
years? Well, you know, there's always an
environmental issues, etc. Um, but
apparently they're trying to slash that
to 14 days.
14 days. Do you think they're going to
make that work? Because I always
wondered why can't you do it in 14 days.
Um, now I'm not talking about the
analysis that would be presented to the
whoever has to approve the thing. The
analysis might take a while. You know,
they might say, can you analyze the
impact on the special frogs or whatever
is there? So, I could see why that would
take a while, but it seems like once
you've done the analysis that uh getting
the approval shouldn't take that long.
So, do you think this will really get
approved in 14 days? Because we need
local uranium so we don't have to rely
on
Russia. Russia is one of the main
sources of
uranium. So, seems like a bad idea to
depend on Russia for our
uranium. Well, when Trump
uh Trump's talking he's still talking
about the China tariff agreements and
apparently there's a you know a deeper
level of stuff that we don't all
understand. So, one of the things I
talked about is the tariffs, of course,
but there was something about a whole
bunch of other, you know, restrictions
and things that China puts on people
beyond tariffs that they're willing to
relax. But, uh, Trump is very excited
about the fact that China has agreed to
quote, "Open itself up to American
business." Now, what exactly does that
mean?
Because if you were an American business
and you found out that China said, "All
right, in the past we weren't allowing
you to even compete in China because we
wanted our Chinese businesses to, you
know, thrive without the
competition. But even if you could bring
your business into China, wouldn't you
still wor be worried that they would
steal your IP and that they would bug
all your devices? You you've probably
heard that if you're a CEO of a company
and you travel to China, you can't bring
your regular phone because everything's
going to be tapped and you know you're
basically going to be surveiled the
entire time. So, who would actually do
that? Like even if you could do business
in China and they opened it up to
American business, is that real or would
there be so many Chinese specific
problems that you'd wish you had never
gotten near it? I still think China is
too dangerous for business. It's too
risky. And I don't see that changing
because it would it would require a
complete mindset change in China where
apparently the current mindset and you
know I can't read minds but I'm going to
only judge it from actions. If you look
at the actions of China it's as if there
are no ethical or moral limits on
anything and that if they can steal from
you they do. If they can abuse you, they
will. If they can steal your stuff, they
will. If they can um degrade you in any
way for the benefit of the Chinese
market, they
will. How is that going to change? I
don't see that changing, you know, if
they don't have the mindset that, oh
yeah, come on in and compete with our
local
businesses. Um, so I feel like that's
overblown. I just I just feel like the I
feel like there's going to be a soft
decoupling. It's very smart for Scott
Bessend to say directly and publicly
that we don't want to decouple from
China. That's exactly what I would say
if I wanted to decouple from China. It's
just that you can't do it quickly. Doing
it quickly would be a disaster for both
countries. but a soft decouple where we
just sort of quietly develop locally the
ability to make our own clothing I guess
or to buy it from Mexico or or Vietnam.
So I think we should say yes we want to
do all kinds of business with you China.
Yeah, bring it on. Let's do some more.
Oh, the last thing we want to do is
decouple. No, no, no. We don't want to
decouple. And
then decouple as fast as you
can, but in a
reasonable common sense way that doesn't
destroy you as you're
decoupling. So, I say don't
decouple while you
decouple. So, that's that's how I'd play
it, too.
Um Gavin
Newsome, our California leader here, has
uh ordered California cities to shut
down the homeless encampments. He says
there's no more excuses. Blaze Media is
reporting on this. The homeless
advocates, of course, were not happy
about this at all.
Um so what does that mean? Doesn't it
feel like there's something missing in
that?
If you close down the homeless
encampments, which is basically the
tents, and you get rid of the tents,
where are they going to
go? Isn't the the whole point of it is
that they were unwilling to go anywhere
else? So, if you said, "Pick up your
tent and get out of here to
where?" Now, they always had indoor
options, right? For a long time, they've
had indoor options. The reasons they
stay outdoors is so they don't have to
obey any of the rules of indoor living.
In other words, they can just, you know,
do their fentinol and lay there and and
they just prefer it. Now, the fact that
you and I don't prefer it, it shouldn't
be influential in your opinion. They
prefer it. And it's hard to understand
that, you know, at some point of
addiction and uh mental illness, they
prefer living
outdoors.
So, I don't know how this can work.
There's just a part missing where where
is it that they go? I've always liked
the idea of creating a homeless
encampment on public land that's just
away from the other people. Like I don't
mind how many homeless people there are
as long as they're not on the sidewalk
so that I can walk by and the freedom
poopers will not be doing their thing.
So if this is um somehow paired with
there's a place you can go. It's just
and it's very nice place, you know.
Maybe it's even has more trees. You
maybe maybe has better maybe they could
give them some bathroom
facilities. Uh maybe even some a little
bit of healthcare or something. So, but
if there's a place to go, I I guess so.
So here again, you can see that Gavin
Newsome is trying
to be more of a centrist, which I define
as trying to be a Republican without
going all the
way. Well, according to MIT Technical
Review, there is a new uh technology
that police might be using soon that
doesn't use facial recognition, but it
can still recognize people.
So without because there's a controversy
about using facial recognition, it's too
uh intrusive. But apparently they can
now there's a technology that can
identify people maybe less, you know,
less accurately, but it can identify
people by let's see
um by their attributes like body size,
gender, hair color, and style of
clothing. and accessories instead of
their
face. So, this made me think that
criminals need their own AI consultant
because if imagine you were a
professional criminal, it used to be you
just had to, you know, understand the
current situation because it never
changed much. But AI is changing so much
about how the law enforcement people can
do their job. It's like in order to be a
professional criminal, you're going to
need your own AI consultant. You know,
it's like, all right, uh you're gonna
have to start changing your clothes for
each crime because if you wear the same
clothes, they're going to identify you
quickly. Now, how many of the criminals
will be aware that
uh how many of them read the MIT
technology review to know that law
enforcement can identify them by their
style and their clothing and their
accessories? It also says gender, but
let's be real, it's men. I think the
gender part's the least important
because it's always bad doing the
serious
crimes. Anyway, so crooks, you better
dress
differently. Um, in related news,
there's a rumor that is uh not confirmed
and might not be true, but reclaim the
net is saying that uh you know Meta has
these new glasses, these Ray-B band
glasses. you you probably saw Zuckerberg
wearing them. Um, and they they're sort
of sort of limited in what they can do
at the moment, but one of the things
they're thinking about maybe possibly
adding is facial
recognition. Now, I don't know about the
legalities of that, etc. And it's not a
confirmed thing. It's only a well, we
think they're probably looking at it.
But isn't that the most valuable
feature? I mean, if I if I said to
myself, what is the point of having
these cool magic glasses that can help
me, I don't know, hear things and see
things and do things? Wouldn't the
number one thing be to tell you more
about other people so that you can
remember their
names? like and that you can
uh uh that you can instantly know what
you have in common. You can know if
they're dangerous. It would be super
intrusive and the people who are being
identified would hate it. But boy, it
would be the single most useful thing
you could have if you could have it.
Um and and then you'd see some people
that if they even saw you walk in the
room with those glasses, they'd have to
leave
immediately cuz cuz if you were the one
person who was, you know, had some
serious crimes on your record or
something, the person who walks in with
the meta glasses would be the only one
who knows. So as soon as you see
somebody walk in with those Ray-B band
glasses, you're like, "All right, got to
go. I'm out of here."
uh but would be the most useful thing
you could do. You you would you would be
able to talk to strangers all the time
because you would see something in
common. Can you imagine you meet meet
somebody you've never met before but it
can check their social media and it
tells you immediately what you have in
common. It's like oh you you both like
to surf.
Well, you know, if you know that right
away that you met somebody new and they
and you both like to surf, you already
have something to talk about. It's like
it would be so easy to make friends, but
you can see the downside, too. So, there
there would clearly be a dark side to
it. However, I think it would be
useful. All right. So what we're
expecting from this uh Saudi trip with
the president is that there are a lot of
deliverables that have been uh arranged
in
advance and u maybe it's already
happening. I don't know. But I think
you're going to see this non-stop
um this
non-stop flow of good news heading to
the United States. Now at the same time
apparently uh there was a uh a Pakistani
man who uh who is a British citizen
who's in the government who is uh
suggesting that Trump should be
nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize for
quickly deescalating the Pakistan Indian
conflict.
To which I
say, huh, maybe
yes. Because we don't know exactly what
Trump did, but I'm guessing what he did
was he put pressure on both sides, as in
you better cut this out or we'll, I
don't know, cut trade with you or put
some kind of pressure on you or sanction
you or something. And both sides would
like to be able to just trade with the
United States and have a good
relationship with the United States. But
they also needed what I called the fake
because. The fake because is a reason to
do the thing that they wanted to do
anyway. And what they wanted to do
anyway is not have a fight and not go to
World War II. They definitely did not
want a nuclear confrontation. So when
Trump comes in, he can just give them
some ambiguous threats and both sides
will say, "Oh, well, now that I have the
ambiguous threat, I guess that's a good
enough reason not to have World War II.
Phew, I was so willing to go to nuclear
war, but now that Trump has talked to
us." So I think that's something that
Trump would
know that neither of them wanted it.
They just needed some external reason to
make it look like a good idea to stop
stop being belligerent. So maybe maybe
Trump does deserve a Nobel Peace Prize
for what he did. We'll we'll find out
more about what he actually did because
I don't know, but
maybe. All right, that's all I've got
for now. I'm going to uh say some words
privately to the people on locals, my
subscribers, and the rest of you. Thanks
for joining. I'll see you again
tomorrow. Same time, same place.
There'll be all kinds of good news by
tomorrow. All right. If you're on
YouTube or Rumble or
X, you'll be gone in 30 seconds.