Come on in here. Let's uh check the
stock market to see if Holy cow, it's a
good day in the stock market. I hope you
have
some. Well, let me get ready for the
show. Looking at your
comments. Looking
good. There must be a lot of good news
today. What do you
think? Good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams and you never had a better
time. But if you'd like to take a
chance, I'm making this experience even
better than you could ever even imagine
with your tiny shiny brain. All you need
is a cover mug or a glass of tanker
cheline a canteen jugger flask vessel.
Uh, what kind? Any kind. Fill it with
your favorite liquid. I like coffee. And
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure, the dopamine day of the day.
The thing that makes everything better.
It's called the simultaneous sip. And it
happens
now. That's good
stuff. Well, let's start with the
ridiculous and get to the sublime.
from the ridiculous to the
sublime. According to News Nation,
um UFO hit a US fighter
jet. Pilots flying over Arizona said
they they saw swarm swarms swarms I say
of weird flying objects and one of them
smashed into a
F-16. I guess the pilot's okay. Um, but
the FAA confirmed it and uh, former
Pentagon UFO guy says uh, Arizona's been
buzzing with sightings near the border.
But some people say it's just the
cartels
drones. I'm going to go with cartel
drones. That would be my guess. Uh, I do
not think the aliens are at the border.
Why? Why would the aliens even be there
of all places for them to
be? Well, according to Eric and Dolan
and Sai Post, did you know that
left-wing authoritarians are less likely
to support f
um physically strong men as their
leaders? So, if you're a left-wing
person, you don't like leaders that are
physically strong. But if you're a
right-wing person, you like them strong.
How many people are surprised by
that?
Not, you know, I really think that
politics is just a difference in
testosterone sometimes, at least, you
know, the the male version of politics.
Uh I can't judge for women, but for men,
it's kind of
testosterone. The Republicans are high
testosterone. the Democrats with low
testosterone and everything else is just
rationalization. That's what I
think. Well, did you know that the
weight loss drugs
um laglutide and saglutide
um make a huge difference in reducing
your alcohol
consumption without any extra effort. So
the patients say it doesn't take any
effort. They just don't want as much
alcohol. So that's good. This is more
evidence that willpower is fake and
imaginary. Uh that's the hypnotist
frame. If you're a hypnotist, you learn
that people make decisions based on
whatever hormonal soup is bubbling up in
their bodies. And then after they made
the decision, they layered over it with
a rationalization. Oh yeah, the reason I
did that was this. But it's really just
chemical
reaction. So once you learn that
willpower is fake and that just some
people like things more than others. How
hard is it for me to avoid
alcohol? It's easy because I didn't like
it that much.
How how hard is it or was it when I was
more active? How hard was it for me to
exercise every day? Not hard at all
because I liked it. If I didn't like it,
it probably would have been nearly
impossible. So, no, willpower doesn't
exist. There's just stuff you like and
stuff you don't like. And that's usually
just chemical and cause and effect and
the structure of your brain and has
nothing to do with anything
else. Um, here's some good news. And
wow, I was worried about this for a
while, but it turns out that the new
pope, Pope Leo,
um he's calling for peace in Gaza and
Ukraine.
Yes, I was so worried that the Pope
would be
pro-war, but no. Turns out we got lucky
again. It's like I don't know how many
popes in a row, but our luck is really
holding. They all seem to be
anti-war. And every time they announce
it, I say to
myself, "Boy, that could have gone
either
way." But it turns out that the Pope has
a
brother. Have you all checked out the
news about the Pope's
brother? This is the problem with having
an American
pope. He's got an American
brother. And the American brother is
super mega. And I guess he's so mega.
The Gateway Pundits reporting that uh he
not too long ago shared on X, I guess he
shared a video calling uh Nancy Pelosi a
drunk
uh
c-word. So a drunken
c-word. And he mocks the quote crying
libs with Trump derangement syndrome.
So, he's uh not just a little bit mega,
but he's he's like way mega. Now, if you
don't think this is going to be fun, I
immediately looked for his X account,
but I couldn't find it. So, is he
posting somewhere else? Maybe not on X,
but I want to follow him so badly. Well,
I I was also interested to see if he
followed me because it'd be fun if the
Pope's brother followed you on X, but I
did not see his account. So, if anybody
if anybody knows what his actual account
is, I saw three that looked fake. You
know, they were too small for for that.
But if somebody knows which one is his,
can you alert me to it? I'd love to
follow him.
Well, let's talk about the great cocaine
hoax. Um, some of you saw a video of uh
um French President Mcronone and British
Prime Minister Starmer and uh German
Chancellor MS. They were all together on
a table. It looked like it was on a
train maybe or on a maybe some kind of a
jet, but they were uh sitting at a table
and the the photographers came in, the
videographers, I guess, and uh you saw
Mcronone grab this little rolled up
tissue and sort of take it, you know,
surreptitiously away. And then you saw
MS uh grab some little thing that people
are calling a a coke
spoon and uh and you know kind of hiding
it from the cameras.
Now why in the world would you think a
baldup tissue is where somebody was
holding their
cocaine? It didn't look like cocaine to
me. And and that little thing that they
call a cocaine spoon. You really
couldn't tell what it was. I mean, it
could have been a could have been, I
don't know, a straw that he he was
playing with or something, but uh it
looked to me like they were just making
the table look less messy and they were
just preparing for the photo shoot, I
guess. So, I would say that's fake news.
I'm not No, I'm not saying that they're
not all coked up. That might be true.
Well, I don't know. Maybe. But, uh, it
didn't it didn't look like a cocaine
anything to
me. So, I'm going to say that's most
likely a
hoax. Well, Hamas has decided to uh help
Trump get a little distance between
Israel and Trump. Kind of cleverly,
Hamas is going to release uh the
American the remaining living American
hostage, Eden Alexander. So, that's
going to happen today, I guess. And uh
that was Trump's victory. So Trump gets
some victory in getting the last
American hostage out. Now the Israelis
of course would wish that more Israelis
had been released, but I think you can
see this as a clever Hamas move to put a
little distance between America and
Israel and it worked. So you but you
could also see that Trump seems to be
willing to do things that are good for
America and Americans even if Israel
doesn't love it. So there's definitely a
new world out there. Uh Trump is
certainly going his own way and probably
never appreciated all the people who
said that, you know, the government is a
puppet of Israel because at the moment
it doesn't look like it. At the moment,
it looks like Trump's doing his own
thing and Israel is going to have to do
their own thing. We'll be allies, of
course, but uh not not singing from the
same uh song sheet or whatever that
whatever that saying
is. So, Trump gets the win uh just at
the time he's getting ready to go to the
Middle East to do some
deals. So, he's looking good there.
Um, Trump is also signing, I think
today, if he hasn't already done it,
might be any minute now, he's going to
sign an executive order to lower
pharmaceutical
um costs. And the executive order will
require the drug companies to offer the
pharmaceuticals to American consumers at
the lowest price that they sell it
anywhere. So if if the Albonians are
paying less than we are, then we get the
Albonian price. Now, I didn't know you
could do that with an executive order,
but I guess he's going to try. So, this
will be funny because will this cause
the Democrats to be in favor of higher
prices for
pharmaceuticals? And how are they going
to explain that Biden couldn't do this
if it works? I mean, I imagine there'll
be some kind of challenges from the
pharmaceutical people, but it turns out
it gets kind of
complicated because there are things
called
PBMs. How many of you would even know
what that is? A
PBM. It's a pharmacy benefit manager.
And it's this big middleman entity that
is between the the pharmaceutical
companies and the big health care
companies and even the government
Medicaid and everything else. So that
the these middle people, these pharmacy
benefit managers or PVMs, they uh I had
to go to Grock to find out exactly what
they do. But they uh they manage
prescription drug benefits for health
insurance plans and employers, etc. And
they act as a middleman between drug
manufacturers, pharmacies, uh insurers,
and patients. And here's the key. With
the goal of controlling costs and
administering drug coverage and they
play a significant role in the US
prescription drug supply chain, but but
they're often criticized for opaque
practices that can inflate costs. So the
pharmaceutical companies immediately
said, "Wait, don't blame us for these
high costs. It's because the middlemen
are sort of inflating the costs. Now,
that seems to be partly true, meaning
that there's no doubt that the middleman
is getting a cut. And it's also true
that they're opaque, meaning that if you
ask them for details of what they do or
why they do it, or can you show me your
price sheet or they won't show you that
stuff. So, so they operate as a big
black
hole and there does seem to
be some indication that they're part of
the problem uh of the higher prices.
Now, you might say, well, they're a
middle band, so they're supposed to take
their cut, which is true, but you can't
really monitor whether their cut makes
sense or it's too high because if you
try to ask them questions, you would get
nothing. It's just a big black hole.
Now, this is where Mark Cuban um becomes
a valuable citizen. So, you might know
that Mark Cuban has his own um discount
uh pharma drug company that he's been
promoting lately. I think it's cost plus
cost plus drugs. Hope I have the name
right. And he weighed in on this and he
had a lot to say about the PBMs, these
these middlemen. Now, I won't read you
his whole uh his whole uh explanation of
how bad they are, but if any of what he
said about them is true, and I think it
is, they're pretty
bad. And so, there's some kind
of some kind of fix that will be needed
for these PBMs. Uh if we just let Well,
I guess it's a free market, so they can
do what they want. But uh you should uh
you should see what Mark Cuban says
about them because if you're trying to
understand the whole pharmaceutical why
are our prices so high he he's got a lot
that contributes to that. So um I think
he should
be you should really pay attention to
him on this topic because it's one that
he knows a lot
about. Well, so that's, you know, that's
going to make the prices come down. So,
uh, the, uh, in other news, Futurism is
reporting that the FDA is going to start
using AI to speed up the, uh, approval
of drugs. Now, you might say to
yourself, "But wait, AI
hallucinates? Is AI going to say my drug
is safe when it isn't?"
Well, they're they're still going to
have to check the work of the AI to make
sure it's not hallucinating, but
apparently you can speed through the
analysis and do in minutes what would
take days for a human to do. So, I don't
know if they have a lot of
uh wrinkles they have to iron out of
this, but they seem to be very
optimistic about it.
It does seem to me that it's the perfect
application for AI because it's, you
know, wildly complicated every time
there's a new trial and a new drug and
all the rest. So, yeah, AI to accelerate
the FDA
approvals. Probably there's going to be
some problems, you know, because it's
such a big change, but I feel like we
have to get there. I mean, it seems like
that's exactly the place AI should make
a difference. Breitbart is reporting
that uh Trump signed four bills on
Friday where he's rolling back some
Biden regulations on uh appliances like
water heaters and refrigerators and
walk-in coolers and some other household
appliances. Now, the the Biden
regulations were, of course, to reduce
uh energy consumption, I believe, and uh
so Trump's rolling that back. So, that
would lower the cost of those devices.
So, now we've got Trump lowering the
cost of big
pharma, lowering the cost of household
appliances, lowering the cost of eggs,
gas, and a lot of other things.
So, uh, an energy, I guess. So, it's
going to be hard to hard to ignore
that. So, Trump is having the week of
all weeks. I mean, I I'm just still
going that the list gets longer, but I
don't think any president has ever had
this good a
week because he's really nailing it this
week. Um, but I'll tell you what isn't
working is the Republicans are trying to
wrap up their big beautiful bill, the
the
budget. Everything about this budget
effort looks fake and theatrical and
performative. I don't believe anything
that's coming out of him. I don't think
they're going to give Trump half of or
even three quarter. Well, I don't think
they'll give him a quarter of what he
wants.
Um, I think that they will just kick the
can down the road, add to the budget
deficit, and lead us toward doom. Um, I
don't know what's going to stop it, but
they're pretending to have this markup
session in which they're going to do a
bunch of good things. It's all theater.
I I just don't believe any of it.
But uh at least one subset of the
Republicans, I guess this would be I
forget which group it is, but they're
they're looking at steep cuts to
Medicaid. And so I said to myself, what
Trump said no cuts to
Medicaid? Why are they going to ruin his
big bill and the biggest thing he said,
which is no cuts to Medicaid? So, it
looks like they've got all these weasel
freaking tricks to lower the cost of
Medicaid
by finding clever ways to deny it to
people, basically. So, one of the clever
ways to deny it to people, now this is
not this is not a done deal. These are
just proposals that we think we're going
to see. Um, one of them would be a work
requirement. So, you couldn't get
Medicaid unless you were in school or
doing some public service of some kind
or working.
And that alone would deny it to, they
think, six million
people. So, the Democrats will say
accurately, wait a minute, you've just
installed some clever trick to deny 6
million people Medicaid. Republicans
will
say, "All we ask is that they do
something useful for the country so that
the country can do something useful for
them." It's not a terrible argument, but
it's going to look like they cut
Medicaid. So, can Republicans survive
that an obvious trick to cut Medicaid?
Because, you know, those people aren't
all going to work. What are they going
to do? go to the hospital and still get
medical care and not and have the
hospital cover
it. So, there's that. And then
apparently the bill, and again, this is
just first drafts, so it doesn't mean
it's real, would require some
beneficiaries to pay more for their
care. I guess that would be income
based. And there were some other clever
tricks in there. All of it just looks
like pure weasel theatrics.
 Uh I am
completely disappointed in the
Republicans. Just completely
disappointed that to me the most
important thing we had to get right was
cutting the budget. It looks like
nothing like that's going to happen
because I don't think that Trump's going
to sign off on something that definitely
looks like cutting
Medicaid. You know, you could argue all
day, well, we have reasons. And no, no,
no, we're not cutting it because anybody
can get it. They just have to do some
public
service. But, you know, the the bottom
line will
be the Democrats will accurately say
he's cutting Medicaid for some people.
It'll be a lot of people, be
millions. I don't have a better idea, by
the way, but it's their job to do the
budget, not mine. So, I think I think
we're all going to be disappointed with
whatever the Republicans have. I'm not
even sure that they're going to have no
tax on tips and no tax on social
security and all those other things
Trump wanted. I don't think he'll get
any of that. I I think that they're just
going to say no on all of that. We'll
see.
Well, Apple is apparently, according to
the Wall Street Journal, um thinking
about raising the price of their
iPhones, but without blaming
tariffs. Uh Apple is kind of a clever
company in terms of how they cover their
public relations. They they've always
been good at it, but uh they don't want
to blame China because that would be
trouble. And they don't want to blame
Trump because that would be trouble. So
they want to raise their prices because
of tariffs, but they want to make it
look like it's not because of tariffs.
So the only way to do that would be if
you somehow added some extra features
and you go, "Oh yeah, these extra
features are worth a I don't know few
hundred more." So we'll see what they
do. But my big question would be, what
would Steve Jobs do in this situation?
Would Steve Jobs be handling this
completely differently in some out of
the box way that we can't imagine? I
feel like he would, but of course I
can't, you know, guess what he would
have done because that's what made him
Steve Jobs and we're not Steve Jobs. But
I feel like he would have handled this
whole tariff China stuff differently. I
just don't know
how. Well, Democrats are uh continuing
their uh lame approach to politics. Uh
now they've added to their
oligarchs that they're that they want to
keep habius
corpus. Now, if you were to do a survey
of people on the street and say, "Are
you a Democrat?" Yes. Uh what's an
oligarch? Well, I don't know. What's
habius corpus? I never heard of it. So
they're so they're they're betting on
words that their base doesn't even know
what they mean. So I love this. Let's do
more let's more more oligarchic and
habius corpus. If you can get them to
talk about that all day long and then
look at Trump. I cut your pharmaceutical
costs. I freed a
hostage. I'm going to bring a trillion
dollars back in investments from the
Middle East.
What part of that don't you understand?
It's just so
simple. And then you go to the Democrats
and they're like, "Well, we we oppose
the oligarchs and we want to make sure
that we keep Amy Corpus for the MS-13
guys." Well, and everybody
else, it's so lame. And then then what
about the chaos?
If you were to ask the person in the
street, where's the chaos happening?
Now, they might say Doge, but have you
noticed that Elon Musk has quite
cleverly removed himself from all
political
conversation? It used to be that every
time I got on X, there would be very
political proTrump
um posts pretty much every day. But I
think he's completely pulled himself out
of politics and he's just doing Tesla
related posts and stuff and Tesla stock
is way up based on the fact that he's
focusing on, you know, the nuts and
bolts that he's getting out of politics.
So that's
good. That's good.
Meanwhile, uh James Carville and Roana,
they're trying to distance
themselves from a uh some comments made
by uh what's her
name?
Uh Elon Omar. So, I guess in 2018, she
made some comments about uh white people
and that video has
reemerged. And I guess the comments were
originally in an interview with Medi
Hassan and Omar stated uh I would say
our country should be more fearful of
white men across our country because
they are actually causing most of the
deaths within this
country. And and then uh
Carville is trying to distance himself
and say we need less of that and blah
blah blah. And I'm thinking to
myself, look at what Trump is talking
about. Even if he doesn't get it done,
he's talking about cutting your taxes
and freeing hostages and ending wars and
lowering pharma
costs. That's what Trump's talking
about, sealing the border.
and and Carville's talking about a 2018
video where where somebody his team was
being a
racist. You that's the biggest
difference you could even imagine
between the two parties. And uh but at
least uh Elon Omar finally explained to
me why people hide when I enter the
room.
I didn't realize I was that scary. But
apparently as a white man, I am one of
the scariest people in the country. So
that explains why people get under their
tables and run away when I enter. I
always wondered about that. Here's some
more bad news for Democrats.
Apparently, the House Judiciary
Committee is going to interview Jack
Smith's uh lead prosecutor who did the
Mara Lago uh box gate. You know, the
when uh Trump was accused of having all
these uh boxes of stuff.
And you know, we've heard enough about
that story to believe that there's
something there.
There's something sketchy there. It
could be that it was being directed by
the White House. Uh it could be that it
wasn't a purely
um let's say legal problem. Could be
that there were politics pushing it.
So, the lead prosecutor probably knows
where all the bodies are buried on this
story and will be under oath and we
might find out some really interesting
things about the Biden
administration. Now, I don't know for
sure and if it's like everything else,
nobody's going to go to jail. But it's
going to be yet another bad news cycle
for Democrats because there's nothing
good that can come out of that story
except for
Republicans. According to the Rasmmanson
poll, Trump's overall approval rating is
50% with likely voters. Um, but here are
some subcategories on that poll that are
mind-blowing. He's got, according to
Rasmmanson, Hispanic supporters as
62%. And black at
39%. If those numbers are real, and I'm
I'm kind of skeptical about that. That
would be just
mind-blowing. You know, it could be
real, but do you think Hispanic support
for Trump is 62%? Now, this would be
likely voters, so it wouldn't wouldn't
count any immigrant
communities. Could be. You know, I've
been telling you for a while that if you
didn't think that the Hispanics would
would back uh Trump, then you you
haven't been involved or you haven't had
exposure to the Hispanic community. If
you have exposure to the Hispanic
community, no surprise at all. It's
totally non-surprising if you've had any
conversations with that
group. Well, speaking of Tesla, uh
Tesla's robo taxi, which is where a
Tesla with full self-driving can become
a taxi, um I guess it's called Project
Alicorn. And
um this uh feature will quietly appear
on Tesla's mobile app code.
And uh so they're looking at a June roll
out.
So listen to this. Um that your car, if
you had a Tesla and you wanted to have
it double as a taxi, you could come home
from work if your car is charged up, I
guess, and just activate the app and
park your car on the street and it would
act like a robo taxi. So, it would just
take off from its parking space, go pick
somebody up, uh deliver them to their
location, and uh I guess go back and
park where it was, and you can make $10
to $30,000 a year just while your car is
working for you.
Now, apparently the initial fleet will
launch in Austin with 10 to 20 cars, but
it's going to scale up really
fast. And here's some of the uh I saw
this was on a Mario post. I guess the
source was a user called G. Filch. Now,
I can't I can't uh vouch for these
numbers, but here's what one person
estimated. So that here's the math of it
that if you look at Whimo, the
competitor, they've got 1,500 robo taxis
and they already generate $250 million
in revenue. I guess that's per year, but
that's not enough for Whimo to make
money. I guess they have higher costs.
Um, and now if you were to look at
Tesla, if they could get up to a 100,000
robo taxis,
um, based on the likely charge that
there would be for a ride, etc., they
would make 2.9 billion in pure profit
annually. And that's just the start. So
the number of billions of dollars that
these robo taxes could
make, it's a big number.
because you could easily get to
millions. So you're looking at, you
know, 2050 billion dollars a year ju
just for the robo
taxis.
Amazing. We'll see if that happens.
Meanwhile, uh, as you know, Trump's
going to the Middle East to talk to a
bunch of countries. But as the news is
reporting, uh, the Trump family has a
number of business deals over in the
Middle East. Um, Trump thinks he'll come
back with a trillion dollars in
commitments to invest in the United
States from the Middle East. If he does,
that's going to be pretty impressive.
We'll see. Axios is reporting that. Um,
but the Wall Street Journal is talking
about the Trump
family business connections to the
Middle East. And I think I think this is
important because these do feel
um they do feel like it should at least
be fully transparent, which I think it
is. I think it's fully transparent. So,
I'd worry more if
uh you know, if we didn't know something
about it. But for example um in the past
year uh some Trump branded residential
towers have been launched in Dubai and
Jedha and and then there's also a Trump
luxury golf resort that's being um
launched in
Cutter. Now here's what you need to
know. These are Trump branded
properties, meaning that he just
licenses his name, but the ownership of
the property is whoever built it, I
guess. So, Trump does two kinds of
business. One is he does build his own
resorts and stuff, but he also just
licenses his name to other people who
are going to do it.
So, uh, are you comfortable with him
doing business as the president with
these same countries where there are
very large investments that benefit the
Trump
family? I'm not fully comfortable with
that. But on the other hand, should they
be denied the ability to do what they
normally do because this is completely
normal business for them. They license
their name. Do you think that there
would be this many Trump branded
properties if he were not president of
the United
States? I kind of doubt
it. I doubt it. Um, so you have to worry
about that.
Um, and there's something about the UAE
and the royal family fund and something
about Trump related crypto stable coins
that I don't understand, but it looks it
looks like something to worry about,
something to keep an eye on. And uh,
then on top of that, the Qataris have
offered
to I won't say give. Yeah, I guess it's
a gift um a gift to the United States of
a plane that would replace Air Force
One. Now, you might say to yourself, why
do you need to do that? Well, the Air
Force Ones that we have, I think there
might be two of them, but they're like
35 to 40 years old. And Trump has had an
order in for a new one for a long time,
but it looks like it'll be 7 to 10 years
before the the new ones get built. So,
you'd never be able to see the benefits.
But the Qataris have a plane that
apparently they're willing to part with
a new one. And uh they said, "Why don't
we give it to the Air Force?" So, it's
not Trump's gift exactly. It' be given
to the Air Force and then somehow later
it would be donated to the Trump
Library for his
use. So, that seems a little sketchy.
So, feels a little like you'd be getting
a free airplane.
And uh so you got that going on. So I'm
I'm going to say the same thing about
all these Trump deals. They all make me
uncomfortable. The Qatari plane
definitely makes me uncomfortable.
Um, and on top of that, uh, as you know,
Jared Kushner is doing his own investing
and he's he's gotten some
co-investors from three of the, uh, the
Middle East countries. What? Yeah, three
states. I guess three states have
committed more than three and a half
billion to his private equity
fund. So, that makes me uncomfortable.
But, it's all it's all transparent. It's
all completely
legal. It
just makes me
uncomfortable. Um, and
then it's sort of semi-related things.
or some investments that uh would be
good for Elon Musk such as the Saudi
prince Al Wid Binelli El Saud who's a
nephew of the king is an investor in X
AI which is um Elon Musk's AI
company. So but that's normal. He's he's
just a gigantic investor who does a lot
of investing in American companies. So
again, completely
transparent, but makes me uncomfortable.
Now, the the only thing I can say that
would be softening all these
deals is that Trump is the one person
who can take your money and then screw
you if he needs
to. So, if he were anyone but Trump, you
would have to worry more that they they
just bought his cooperation.
But I think Trump could take their money
and still throw them under the bus if
they did something that required
that. But you can't guarantee it. So in
terms of buying influence, I do think
they're buying
influence. But there are also countries
that, you know, we have a lot of
influence on as
well.
So I don't know. I I I'll just say that
uh any
Democrat criticism on this
domain
probably probably makes sense, but
there's no smoking gun or anything that
he's done wrong or that there's there's
nothing that looks illegal and it's all
completely transparent and it's business
as usual for the most part. It's stuff
that they would be doing as normal
business, you know, licensing the Trump
name, etc. But like I said, they
probably get more offers because he's
president. That's not a
coincidence. So, we we're going to hear
a lot more about this Qatari plane. I
think Congress says they have to approve
it. I think the Democrats are going to
complain so much that it gets killed. If
I had to guess, it's not more than a 50%
chance that that that Qatari plane will
actually become something that Trump's
riding on. I I think there'll be enough
screaming and kicking from Democrats
um or maybe even Republicans would think
it looks
wrong. In another news, you know what
birthright citizenship is, right? So
that question is coming to the Supreme
Court now. Birthright citizenship is uh
the in the constitution and it means
that if you're born in this country with
very rare exceptions
um you are a citizen automatically. You
just have to be born here. Now Trump
wanted to uh end that. So you've got
some legal challenges to the ending of
it and uh it's going to go to the
Supreme Court. Now, if you're like me,
you say and and you've read the actual
language of the Constitution, it doesn't
look like there's any wiggle room at
all. To me, it looks like the
Constitution is super clear. If you're
born here, you know, with with some
exceptions that aren't relevant to this,
if you're born here, you're a citizen.
Now, I'm not saying that's good or bad.
I'm just saying that when I read the
Constitution, it looks kind of cut and
dried, like there's no there's no way
you could challenge it. But of course,
that's what lawyers are for. They always
have a way to challenge everything. And
here's the way they're going to
challenge it. So, the citizenship clause
um says it applies to children born in
the USA who are quote subject to the
jurisdiction thereof.
Now, that would uh
disqualify, for example, a diplomat's
child. So, if they were a diplomat
working in the United States, the
diplomats are not subject to our laws.
So, a diplomat can break a law in
America and we don't do anything about
it because they're not subject to our
laws. But their child is also therefore
since it's not subject to our
jurisdiction, their child is not
automatically an American. And I think
there are some Native American
exceptions,
etc. But, uh, here's how they're trying
to argue that this subject to the
jurisdiction thereof applies to the
immigrant
population. And they say it's analogous
to Native Americans. And you know, you
know what I always say about
analogies? Analogies are not
arguments. So if all you have is
analogous, you don't have anything. So,
forget about analogous. Let's go to the
stronger part. Um, and they're saying
that uh the
noncitizens are I guess this would be
the babies too are are intentionally
entered the country without
authorization and likewise refuse to
quote formally present themselves to
American
authorities.
So, does that make you subject to the
jurisdiction
thereof? Well, to me, this is the worst
argument ever. And I'm not even a lawyer
because the subject to the jurisdiction
thereof is more about America thinks
you're subject to our jurisdiction. It's
not about what the immigrant thinks. If
the imi if the immigrant comes in and
they act like they're not subject to our
jurisdiction or they think they're not,
that has nothing to do with anything.
They don't get a vote. It It's up to
America. So, if we say you are subject
to our jurisdiction and if we catch you
doing illegal things, we're going to put
you in jail, I think that's the end of
the story, right? It's not up to them if
they're subject to our jurisdiction. So
to me, it looks like there's no chance
that Trump can prevail in the birthright
citizenship. And again, I'm not giving
you an opinion on whether they should or
should not. It just looks like the
argument is
terrible. And you know, again, I'm I'm
not a lawyer, so I could be wrong, but
it looks terrible to me. According to
Elon Musk, Doge has discovered a 100,000
active federal employees who are also
collecting unemployment
insurance. Jim Haft and the Gateway
Pundits writing about that. Now, um I
think I've told you before that my
current
uh view is that I'm not going to believe
any of the Doge claims.
I'll just tell you that that claim is
out there, but probably it's not exactly
what it looks like. I don't know. So, I
think it's better and and this is not
something brand new. It's something that
uh Musk said a little while ago. Um, so
I think that Musk is smart to stay quiet
on all the political stuff which he's
been doing, but I'm I'm skeptical of all
the Doge claims that sound a little too
clever. You know, that one's just a
little too on the nose. You know, might
be
true,
but there there have been so many of the
Doge claims that sort of didn't pan out
that I'm just going to say, well, that's
what he claims.
Apparently India and Pakistan their
ceasefire seems to be holding. It didn't
hold at first but now it is. That would
look like a victory for Trump because
the American um I think Marco Rubio and
his team were working on making sure
that Indian Pakistan didn't blow each
other up.
Now the the the thing I would say about
India and Pakistan is they really didn't
want to be in a war. They really really
didn't want to be in a war because
there's just no way that that's going to
be good for either one of them. But what
they needed was the fake because they
they needed some external thing to, you
know, talk them off the roof so it
didn't look like they were backing down.
So America just comes in with its book
big footprint and says, "Hey, you guys
knock it off. We'll help you, you know,
hold this ceasefire or something." So
this is where America can really be
useful. Uh it was just something that
Pakistan and India both needed. They
just needed somebody who wasn't either
Pakistan or Indian to come in and put a
big boot on it and say, you know, cut it
out. Now, that's not exactly what we
did. We were being helpful, but uh
that's just a win. If if the peace
holds, I'd say that's an American win as
well as obviously a bigger win for India
and Pakistan.
Speaking of war, apparently President
Zilinski says he's ready to meet Putin
in Turkey. So, um I don't know if
there'll be any ceasefiring before then
or during then, but Zalinski and Putin
are going to meet and that of course
would be
uh good for America and uh certainly
something that Trump has been pushing
for. get them to talk and it it gets
America out of the
conversation which is sort of perfect,
you know, because I think we would just
complicate things at this point. So,
those two just need to work it out. I
guess Germany's new government uh is
already threatening um Russia that if
they don't do a ceasefire, they're going
to put new sanctions on
them. So, Germany is trying to be
helpful there.
Um,
yeah. And, uh, of course, the Ukrainians
and the and the Russians are just
full-on drone war on the on the
front. So, ladies and
gentlemen, I think you can see that this
is one of the best weeks that Trump has
ever had. And uh if if half of these
things go in the right direction, you
know, if the the wars look like they're
winding down, the prices of stuff look
like they're winding down, and did I
mention did I mention that uh China and
the United States have agreed to delay
for 90 days the big tariffs? So, both
countries have pulled back their
tariffs. Now, that that's probably the
big reason the market is up. And that's
exactly what we
wanted. I I always say the the stupidest
people in the comments are the ones who
just say, "I don't understand the
topic." Like like you couldn't fit a
reason in
there. So anyway,
uh Zalinsky had his pants on backwards.
Yeah, it looked like that in one of the
pictures, but uh I think uh Scott
Bassant probably did some good work. I
think the main thing is just to get
China and the United States to think
that they're negotiating productively.
Will that lead to anything good? I don't
know. I saw Joel Pollock mention that
it'll save Christmas
um because there'll be enough toys for
Christmas from China. Um, but it also
puts us in a stronger negotiating
position than we've been in. So, we have
China's full attention. They know that
uh Trump would be willing to tariff the
hell out of them. Uh, but one of the
things that Scott Bass said, and maybe
this is the thing that China wanted the
most, is that neither China nor the
United States want to decouple.
So I wonder if China was just really
afraid of decoupling because there are a
lot of people in the United States who
do want to
decouple such as
me. Uh but there there are a number of
industries etc like the the high-end
Apple phones. There's nobody else who
can make them. So the low-end ones I
guess you can make in India but the
high-end ones require more special
processes or
whatever and
uh so so it looks like we're stuck with
China and China is stuck with us on a
bunch of different uh levels. You know
we we can't really quickly get all the
pharmaceutical products. We can't
quickly get all the tech stuff, the the
assembly. We can't
quickly get all the rare earth minerals,
etc. So, we're kind of stuck with each
other for a while. Um, and it looks like
maybe we're heading in the right
direction. So, everything's looking
good. Probably the best week that Trump
has ever had. It's my
guess. And, uh, that's all I got for
today. I'm going to say a few words to
the uh locals people privately and the
rest of you. I will see
you tomorrow, same time, same place. I
hope for more good There's