pick on the stock market. Whoa. Tesla up
7 and
12%. The S&P 500 up a percent and a
half. Uh Bitcoin up 4 and a
half%.
Wow. I don't know what's going on, but
people are liking
it. Shall we do a show? Yeah, let's do a
show.
Let me see your
comments. There they
are. Why is that not
working? I guess there's only one
orientation that comments work in. We'll
make it work.
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization and
Skull Coffee with Scott Adams. You've
never had a better time. But if you'd
like to take this experience up new
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains, all
you need is a cup of mug or a glass of
tanker gels a canteen jugger flask a
vessel of any kind. to fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure,
the dopamine end of the day, the thing
that makes everything better. It's
called the simultaneous sip and it
happens now.
Go
divine
godlike. Well, let's start with science.
You know, science is important because
there are many things we don't
understand about the world. And thanks
to our intrepid scientists, they can
fill in the gaps for us. Let's see what
they've got for us today. Uh, according
to Scost, Eric Nolan is writing,
"Physical attractiveness far outweighs
other traits in online dating success."
So, it's a good thing they studied that
because I was thinking that physical
attractiveness was way down on the list
of things that people cared about in
dating. No, I wasn't. They could have
saved a lot of money if they just asked
me, "Scott, what do you think about
physical attractiveness on the list of
things that people care about in online
dating?"
H let me confer with every sentient
being in the entire universe. Everybody.
Everybody. Okay, we're all on the same
page. It's the biggest
thing. All right. I've got a special
theme for you today. The theme
is all the Trump stuff is working.
Everything's
good. You okay with that? So, we're
going to ignore any bad news. There
might be some. I didn't see much bad
news today, but there's a whole bunch of
stuff that'll make you happy. Some of it
may be happy for entirely wrong
reasons. So, this one's a it'll make you
happy that the anti-Trump people are not
doing well. Uh, but you shouldn't be too
happy. I'll tell you why. So, for
example, Diero, uh, Breitbart is
reporting on this. Diero has a new movie
out called The Alto
Knights. Um, and it was it will only
gross around $3
million. That's about as bad as you can
get. $3 million.
Meanwhile, Rachel Zgler, who is no fan
of President Trump, uh her Disney movie
uh has opened and uh it looks like Snow
White is going to make uh it's the worst
opening of a liveaction Disney
movie ever or in a very long time. So,
it's one of the worst things ever. Um,
somebody sent me a picture of Disney's
board of
directors
and I'm going to say a good thing about
Disney. You know, usually lately I've
been piling on, but I got to say they're
they're nailing the DEI stuff. Their
diversity on their board is
excellent. Their movies need a little
work. Now, this is good news, bad news
for me in California, especially because
I really, really, I really, really,
really want Hollywood and movies and TV
to work because it's a big part of our
economy and it used to be a big part of
my entertainment. So, I want it to work,
but it looks like uh they're doing
everything they can to make sure it
doesn't. But, how would you like some
more good news about California? You
ready for this? I don't know if I can
even believe this next thing. So, Jim
Ha, Gateway Punditage Reporting, there's
a state statewide poll in California
that says that in 2026,
um, well, let me just read it. Um,
there's a statewide survey from Decipher
AI and it says that a staggering 48% of
likely California voters are now open to
voting for Republican governor in 2026.
only uh only 25% of Californians are
registered
Republican. And yet
48% are looking at, you know, if it's
the right
candidate, we might go for a Republican
this time.
Why? Well, here's an example. So, these
are some uh figures uh also from the
polling, I guess.
83% of voters say gas prices are too
high in California. What are your gas
prices? Because our gas prices are well
over $5 a gallon, but I understand that
the nation is closer to
three. Yeah, we noticed. Um 69% think
California's political leaders have not
done enough to bring down energy utility
costs. Yeah, we noticed. We notice
you're doing a terrible job in
California on energy costs. 71% believe
the governor and legislative leaders
have not addressed California's high
cost of living. Yes, that's exactly what
we think. 73% support fully funding
anti-rime Prop 36, which has not
occurred. Yeah, we'd like to fund
anti-rime. Can you please stop the
crime?
Um, how about uh 72% feel homelessness
still is a big problem?
Yes, I'm amazed that there's only
72%. 60% oppose free health care to
undocumented illegal immigrants.
62% support a fully independent
investigation of the recent LA
wildfires. And only 24% of Californians
think that u uh biological male
transgenders should compete in female
sports. That's pretty much running the
table. You know what I
mean? So the Republican policies have
completely run the
table. The majority of Californians are
Republican. They just don't realize it
yet. you know, they're they're sort of
caught in their little
inertia. But this really does suggest
that the right candidate, and it would
take a special candidate, you know, it
would take a, you know, Reagan, Trump,
Dantis kind of a quality person. Um, but
it's
winnable
and I don't want to see another weak uh
Republican candidate for governor
because I've usually not even known
their names. Are you telling me that in
all of California, we can't find one
legitimate political superstar? Somebody
who can walk and talk and just agree
with these things that the public agrees
with. You don't even have to be smart.
You could just look at the polls and
say, "All right, I'm running for uh
governor and uh I'm going to lower your
gas prices." And you could just go right
down the list. You know, the policies
write
themselves. Well, meanwhile, Attorney
General Pam Bondi has said that they've
created a Tesla terrorism task force
specifically to look into the domestic
terrorism against uh Tesla assets.
um they got three people in custody
right now and um she says this is
domestic terrorism. That's exactly what
I want to hear. I don't want to hear,
"Oh, the biggest problem in the United
States is white supremacist
terrorism." No, it's not. Not even
close.
Um, however, according to Zero Edge,
Tesla has added a new uh uh threat
detected mode. Um, maybe just to the
truck. I don't know if this is for all
the vehicles or maybe just the cyber
truck, but it's going to be a uh louder
than normal alarm and it could be music.
I think if uh it detects some foul play.
So if it looks like somebody's going to
vandalize it uh or or or it does get
vandalized, it's going to get really
loud. Now the question that's unanswered
is there any AI
involved? Because wouldn't you rather
catch it before it happened? And here's
my question. Do you think that do you
think that Tesla's AI could not detect
who's going to vandalize it just by
seeing them
coming? I feel like it
could. I I feel like you could detect a
vandal
about at least 10 seconds before they
vandalize. Cuz the videos I've seen,
they all have that look, right? they got
a mask on or or they've got that, you
know, classic lefty look. They've got a
always have a backpack, you know, seems
like they got a backpack too often and
then they there's always some
preparation and there's always something
in their hand like a key. I feel like
the AI could detect that before the
vandalism and it would be kind of funny
if it started yelling before it
happened. Now, that would be awesome. I
don't think that's the
feature, but it feels doable, which is
weird. Anyway, according to the Babylon
B, they've got a headline that says
Democrats say fire at Tesla facility
likely caused by climate
change. That's not true. So, the the
Babylon B is a satirical publication if
you didn't know. So, it's not true that
Democrats think fire at a Tesla facility
is caused by climate change. That would
be silly. They believe it's caused by
DEI being improperly uh
implemented. No, I'm just making that
up, too. That's satirical. Uh but here's
what I
observe. Does it seem to you that it's
extra obvious that our opinions are
assigned to us? Now, you might say,
"Okay, but not the
Republicans." Maybe there's a
difference. I don't know. But you can
see on the Democrat side that they
immediately snap the grid on whatever
the the new message is. And they just
go, "Ah, uh, it's going to be a scalp.
We need a scalpel, not a
chainsaw." And they just
immediately embrace whatever the
assigned opinion is.
And yeah, you could argue maybe that
happens on both sides. Maybe. I don't
know. But I saw an interesting article.
I wish I could remember the author, so I
feel bad talking about it. But I saw an
expose about expose maybe that's too
strong about uh David Axelrod and his
his wizard wizardry with the Democratic
party and
Obama
and apparently he um
pioneered the persuasion that would get
you to do something you weren't inclined
to do. So instead of just, you know,
giving you the usual, we're great, the
other side's bad, you know, the normal
political stuff,
um, he figured out how to get people to,
uh, vote for black candidates, and Obama
was one of his first
experiments. And it was sort of this
weird permission thing where he would
give them a reason to do the opposite of
what they would normally do. Now, in the
Obama case, the reason was if you were
being blamed of being a racist or you're
worried about being a racist or you just
wanted to make sure everybody knew you
weren't, the easiest way to do that
would be to say that you supported
Obama. And here's the thing I hate about
that. That's sort of the reason that I
was pro Obama back in those days. And
I'm aware of it. I'm aware that um it
was a social signaling thing. Not
entirely. You know, my the argument I
would use mostly when I talked about it
is that wouldn't it be good to get past
never having a black president? And I
thought, well, he seems very capable. He
speaks well. He presents himself well. I
didn't have a big problem with it at the
time, but I also didn't know how much
destruction would be, you know, coming
out of it.
So I call that the fake because the fake
because is giving you a reason that just
allows you to do the thing you wanted to
do. Uh and so the the fake because was
oh he's uh very capable, speaks well.
He's inspiring. Makes people feel good.
So then I could say oh okay look at me
I'm not a racist. I'm supporting a black
candidate for
president.
So, I'm uh I was a little
shocked that I might have been dragged
into that persuasion
net that was very
intentional. And it turns out that
Axelrod has, you know, some family
background in advertising. And I I think
he comes by his persuasion skills
legitimately, meaning he was exposed to
it early and, you know, he he marinated
in it for a long time.
So, a lot of what we see is a sort of an
axle rod driven situation. Now, you
could argue that the uh that the
Obama term, you know, lasted longer than
Obama and that he was still kind of in
charge even though he wasn't president.
But it feels like that era has ended. It
feels like Trump, you know, just uh
ripped that up by the roots. So, we'll
see.
Anyway, according to Breitbart, uh Rosie
O'Donnell
uh has given an interview in her new
home in Ireland. So, as you know, Rosie
moved to Ireland to get away from all
the horribleness that is Trump. And uh
she is now an election denier and she
thinks that somehow Elon Musk stole the
2024 election because he owns the
internet.
Yeah, she actually said that that he
kind of owns the internet so he fixed
the
election. I love how crazy she is
because it just puts everything in
perspective. Um, so I I decided to go to
uh Perplexity, my favorite AI, and I
asked it this question. Huh? You know,
she moved to Ireland of all places. And
I said, "What are the percentage of uh
white versus black residents uh or even
just non-white residents of
Ireland?" If perplexity is right,
there's only 1% of Ireland that's
non-white. Did Rosie move to the least
diverse place on the entire
planet? Is there any place that's less
diverse than that? Now, I don't know if
you know, maybe the data is wrong. I got
it from
perplexity, but it does seem that she
went to uh a place that would be the
opposite of her own philosophy, wouldn't
it?
Interesting. Um maybe she'll have a
president
uh a new president soon. We'll see.
Anyway, the the according to the Daily
Wire, Ryan Seedra is writing, uh, the
Pentagon is, uh, well on its way on this
plan to create a buffer zone on our
southern border. Now, when I read that,
I thought, hm, buffer zone. This could
be interesting. What do you need a
buffer zone for? And then I saw that the
buffer zone is only going to be, let's
see, its width would be only what, 20
yards.
um kind of a tiny little buffer. Yeah,
it's only 20 yards deep. Now, how many
of you, if you haven't seen the story,
how many of you know why we want to
create a buffer zone that's only 20
yards? It turns out it's really clever
because if you make the the buffer zone
a military base, so you could just, you
know, designate it a military base. it
just happens to be only 20 yards wide,
then the military can hold people um
until the authorities get there to
process
them. So, at the moment, because of the
current laws of the land, if you're in
the military, you can't be doing
domestic law and order stuff. So, the
military can only do military stuff.
They're not allowed to do, you know,
just arrest somebody. and they can't
hold somebody. So, so even if they
caught somebody at the border, they
wouldn't be allowed to hold them
unless
unless that person was trespassing on a
military
base. So apparently this is some kind of
clever end run uh to make it, you know,
to make as as much of the border as
possible a 20 yard wide military base.
So if the military catches somebody on
that 20 yard swath, they can hold them
until the um I would say indefinitely,
but there's probably some limit, but
they wouldn't have any reason that they
have to release them. they can just wait
for the cal for the border control to uh
come and process them. So that is so
clever that I I have to give some props
to that. Now they haven't quite
implemented it, but it looks like
they're well on their way to to doing
it. And they can't do the whole border
at once. There's some kind of rule that
says they can only do, you know, a piece
at a time, but they could do a piece at
a time and then then they can get there.
Well, according to Rusty Weiss, who's
writing for Red State, uh Canada is
seeing this huge crush of illegals
fleeing the US because of Trump's uh
border policies and his immigration
policies. So, kind of makes sense,
doesn't it, that if you were in this
country and you were you were high on
the list of people to be deported,
um you would immediately escape to
Canada where the rules are maybe a
little friendlier. And
uh even actually a member of the Mexican
Sinaloa drug cartel, a smuggler,
confirmed that business is booming
uh in the opposite direction of the
illegals. Uh so a lot of them are
self-epporting to the great white
north. I guess the 60 Minutes overtime
segment had that news. Now
uh I have a message to Canada.
Canada. You know, you know what would
cause that not to
happen if you were a
state. Cuz if you were a state, the
immigration laws would be the same above
the border as now. But because you're
not a state and because you're not
controlling your border, you're going to
get big tariffs
apparently and you're going to get a
tsunami of
uh
criminal
migrants. So, I mean, we don't want that
to happen, but there's a way to avoid
it. If only you were a
state. All right. I don't think Canada
will ever become a state, but the the
argument for it may continue to
strengthen. We'll
see. According to the postmillennial,
they're writing about a Morning Console
poll that uh 36% of Democrat voters
still favor Kla Harris for the 2028
presidential nominee. Do you know what I
say to
that? I'll drink to
that.
Remember, I'm only giving you good news.
Good news for uh Trump
supporters. Can you think of any better
news than 30 36% of Democrats are still
looking for Kla Harris, which would be
way more than whoever is in second
place? I think Buddhaj Edge might be in
second
place. So, uh I'm pretty sure that a
stronger candidate will
emerge, but maybe not.
Maybe
not. So, Senator Ran Paul did a great
job of explaining something that I'd
wondered about. He was unfaced the
nation. And Rand Paul is really good at
this. He's really good at explaining
things so you can understand them. So,
here's what I didn't understand.
Um, so there there are two
uh I guess rules or constitutional
things or laws uh whatever you want to
call them that are in conflict. One of
them is that if you're in the United
States, you don't have to be a citizen
to be eligible for a, you know, full
trial and process, you know, like a
citizen. So you would get uh your day in
court. you would get the same rights as
anybody else would as long as you're in
the country. So, I like that. To me,
that seems fair that anybody gets caught
into our legal system should have the
same protections as everybody else in
the legal system. So, you know, that
that might let some bad guys get away
with stuff, but we accept that. We
accept that just so we don't put in jail
some good people who, you know, wrongly
got into the system somehow.
However, that's in conflict with the
fact that the president uh according to
the Alien Enemies act can deport people
who he thinks are alien
enemies. So those two things can't can't
exist together. So it can't be true that
everybody gets their day in court and
proper process. At the same time, the
president can say, "Well, not these
ones. the these ones don't get proper
process. As long as we think they're
gang members or bad guys, we'll just
send them back. So, that's what the
Supreme Court might decide. Now, Ran
Paul, Senator Paul says he predicts the
Supreme Court will uphold the Trump
administration enacting the Alien
Enemies
Act. Um, that might be optimistic. And I
also wonder, I'm a little confused about
uh Oh, he also thinks that
uh that the Supreme Court might uh limit
the district judges from having
nationwide
rulings. And I'm wondering, does that
happen at the same time? So, I need
somebody who's smart about the Supreme
Court and process to tell me that if if
the question of a fair trial and due
process
versus the alien enemies thing where the
president can just say you're you're
done. Get out of here. If that gets
decided, does that at the same time
automatically decide that the district
judges from all over the country can't
do these nationwide rulings or does that
have to be a separate case that's more
specific to district judges and and uh
nationwide rulings? So, I'm a little
unclear about that part, but um Senator
Paul thinks that maybe both things could
go Trump's
way. Speaking of things going Trump's
way, Rolls-Royce, the British
engineering giant, they're they're in uh
they're in a lot of uh military stuff
and they they also make small nuclear
reactors for for commercial use. Um
they're going to move some of their
manufacturing to the US. And why is
that? Because of
tariffs. So the the ones that they're
moving to the US might be things that
they're making in China. So if if
there's tariffs on Chinese goods, they
don't want to be a Chinese good because
if it's made in China and then shipped
here, it's a problem. Tariff wise, it's
a problem. So, they're going to move
some of their manufacturing out of the
countries that are getting tariffed and
into the United States, which is
exactly what uh Trump was hoping would
happen. Uh, according to Just the News,
John Solomon's writing about in
Missouri. Um I hadn't paid a lot of
attention to this, but Missouri had this
um court case, a legal I guess a lawsuit
in which they were blaming China, the
country, for
uh co and for bad behavior and you know
not telling us what was happening and
acting like monopoly and hoarding the
hoarding the uh masks and stuff like
that. So apparently China didn't bother
to show up to defend themselves. They
were just going to ignore it. And uh the
lawsuit went Missouri's way. So yeah,
Attorney General Bailey and uh and there
was a 24 billion dollar
judgment. So according to the Missouri
legal system, China owes Missouri $ 24
billion for just COVID related damage.
Um, but as you can imagine, China is
just ignoring it and they have no
intention of paying. But now it turns
out that Missouri is moving to seize
Chinese owned farmland and other assets
that are in their state. But here's my
question. Are the farms owned by the
country of China? Are they owned by
individual Chinese investors?
And can you take from individual Chinese
investors assets because you won a case
against the government of
China? So I guess I have some questions
about that, how that works, but that
fight is going on right
now. Uh here's a comment that uh JD
Vance made about Denmark and his choice
of words is what is terrific. I'll tell
you when it comes to choosing your
words, JD Vance is one of the best. So,
I don't know yet that he's got the full
persuasion stack. You know, he doesn't
have a a Trump level persuasion stack,
but wow, is he good at choosing words.
So, listen to this. He's talking about
Denmark uh on a recent interview and he
said uh Denmark is not doing its job,
not being a good ally. If that means we
need to take more territorial interest
in Greenland, that is what President
Trump is going to do. Listen to that
phrase, territorial interest.
Isn't that just the perfect um doesn't
tell you exactly how it would happen, so
it leaves open the mechanism, but
territorial
interest makes something that could
sound
scary just sound a little bit
ordinary. And then he he frames it as
Denmark not being a good ally, which
would include not being a good ally to
Greenland, which they control. Now, do
you think that Denmark is doing a good
job of protecting
Greenland? Not even close. Do you think
Denmark is doing a good job for its
allies in America, Canada, the US, of
protecting us by making sure that
Greenland is, you know, defensively
adequate? No, they're not. So maybe
those are not a good enough reason to
take over or to buy or to merge with
another country, but these are facts,
you know, and there's sort of plainly
obvious facts that Greenland is not
defensively adequate and that it needs
to be. And I don't think anybody
disagrees with that. No one who's paying
attention
disagrees. But here's the second smart
thing. At the same time that JD is
talking, I'm going to say
provocatively about Greenland, uh, his
wife, uh, Usha Vance is going to visit
with one of the kids going to
Greenland. And here's what I love about
this. If that seems like just a stunt,
it really isn't. Because you remember
when uh, Charlie Kirk and Don Jr.
brought some people to Greenland? Here's
what this feels like to me. It feels
like showing respect because she's going
there and she doesn't have a particular
goal except except she's going to visit
some historical
um landmarks in Greenland. Essentially
just paying
respect. Now, how smart is
that to have your in the case of Don Jr.
to have the president's son trek all the
way up to Greenland where it's not like
he was going to be there anyway. And of
course he's got a big personality,
Charlie Kirk, big personality. And uh
they just sort of impress the locals as
just, you know, good
blo. They didn't ask for anything. They
just showed their respect and then they
left. Said good things. And now, and now
JD Vance's wife and kid are going to go
up there and just show the
respect. This is so
smart. So smart persuasion wise, but
also defense-wise, also politically
wise, just personally, just, you know,
how would you like to be treated if
you're in Greenland? You're going to
have to lead with respect. If you want
to do anything, you're gonna have to
lead with respect. And I like that the
Trump administration understands that.
And so they're they're going to make
sure that respect is just right at the
top. I like
that. Anyway, you you know about AOC and
Bernie Sanders anti-oligarch tour, uh,
which I call a one-man show because a
lot of you don't know that's being
played by the same character. So,
there's one character who's playing both
Bernie and AOC. Um, the only difference
is they wear the same shirt. It's this
uh white button-down tuckin shirt. Um,
so the quick change when uh they go from
the Bernie to the AOC really is just you
throw on the wig, you take off the
jacket. There's no neck dye, so you just
take off the jacket and uh then you
slather on some makeup. Now, I think
most of you know that you could turn a
bowling ball into a living human if you
had the right makeup. So, you just slap
on the wig, take off the jacket, put on
some makeup, boom,
AOC. No, not really. But they do kind of
remind me of the same
person. Uh, but Bernie recently said
about the
border, he said nobody thinks illegal
immigration is appropriate. So, he seems
to be happy with Trump's pressure on
fentinel, happy with Trump's efforts on
the border. And I ask you this, weren't
there shouldn't there have been more
Democrats saying we should do more on
the border? Uh, this seems like a
complete
capitulation. Yeah, but uh I don't know.
He's
anti-oligarch. Probar security.
Anti-oligarch. Cash Patel. And I don't
understand this story at all, but
apparently the top 10 FBI's most wanted
during the entire Biden era, I think
zero were
arrested. Zero of the top 10. How many
of them do you think that Cash Patel is
already caught of the top 10 most
wanted? Um, all 10.
What? What were they
doing? It's the top
10. He caught all top 10 in what? Just
weeks. Are you telling me that wasn't
possible
before? What? I don't even understand.
How is this even remotely
possible that Biden's administration got
zero and then Cash in a few weeks got
all
10? What? Here here's the other story
that's got me
wondering. Gateway Pundit is talking
about a uh I guess there's an article in
Vanity. So not I wouldn't say the most
reliable source, but um according to
them, the FBI's flagship New York field
office has reportedly shifted his focus
to a single mission. So, they're just
going to work on one thing, which is uh
redacting and reviewing the Jeffrey
Epstein case files for public
release. They say there are over a
thousand agents uh and civilian
employees who are sometimes working
12-hour shifts overnight trying to get
this stuff ready to be released. Now,
let me ask you this.
Why would they apply that
much resources to getting this done?
Because they could have said the only
way to get this done is it's going to
take us a thousand employees and we're
going to have to let our other work, you
know, you know, dangle for
months. So, we don't want to do that.
So, if you don't mind, we'll give you a
let's say a fivemon
um fivemonth
deadline and we'll try to do as much of
our other work that's important too, but
you know, we'll put uh 200 people on it,
not a
thousand. You would you have accepted
that? We would have had questions, but
if it got done in five months and then
it was actually really released, you
would say, "All right, I get it. Some
things just take a long
time. But why would they
instead given that cash is very, you
know, very um mission focused. He got
all 10 of the uh top 10 most wanted. Why
would he put so much resources into
doing this as fast as
possible? And then I'm going to add
another
factoid. By
now, Cash Patel and probably Trump know
what kind of impact this is going to
have. Meaning, they know what names are
the big ones. They know how bad it is,
and they know how it will be received by
the public. And at the same time that
they know what the impact would be, and
they know what the names are, they've
decided to go as fast as
possible. What does that tell you?
I'll tell you what it tells me. There's
nothing in there about Trump that's
damaging. Do you agree on
that? Now, we'd like to think, oh, but
Scott, the FBI is independent. Uh Cash
Patel's already, you know, denied the
White House some some cuts. You know, he
said, "I'll do the cuts, not you." So,
he's already shown
independence. So, he's not being
influenced by the government.
But he's put a thousand people on it
working 12-hour shifts
sometimes. I don't know if if you assume
that by now they know exactly what the
the bad news is in there, it suggests
that this would completely destroy the
Democrat
party. That's my take. It must be way
worse for Democrats than it is for any
Republicans.
And I think that the reason that they're
working so fast is to make sure those
people don't leave the
country and they want to they want to
make sure that there's as little time as
possible for the the bad people to make
a move.
So, I don't know, but it sort of
suggests that this would be the end of
the Democrat party that that the news is
going to be so bad, just so bad that it
changes life in America. It might.
That's what the indication is to me. I
mean, I'm just reading the tea leaves
here, but that's what it feels like.
Um, meanwhile, as you know, Democrat
party favorability, according to some
new polls, CNN was talking about it, uh,
is
29%. Now, just put this in perspective,
the uh, I asked perplexity, how many
Democrats and how many Republicans are
there, uh, voters are there right now?
And if you count the leaners, the people
who reliably vote one way versus the
other, so that would include some
independents. Uh there would be 49%
Democrats in the country and 48%
Republicans. Now those are close enough
to be identical, right? Because of
errors and stuff. So basically the same
number, basically half the country
Republican, half Democrat. Now that
doesn't mean they're registered that
way. It just means they reliably vote in
one direction or the
other. So if you've got 49% Democrats in
the country or Democrat reliable voters
and only 29%
favorability, that would suggest that
40% of the people don't like their own
party. That doesn't sound
survivable at all politically.
Um, but to be fair, uh, even the
Republicans, uh, have, uh, 30% who don't
like their party.
So, so there's a lot of people who don't
like each party, but the difference
between 30 and 40% does seem pretty big
to me. You know, not just percentage-
wise, but one of them seems like, you
know, business is normal. Everybody
complains about everything, including
their own party. And the other seems
like turn out the
lights. I mean 29% favorability when 49%
of the country votes that way or would
like to vote that way and California is
looking at a Republican being
competitive for
governor. Wow. Uh, I've got a feeling
that reality is starting to make a dent
because a lot of politics is not based
on reality. It's based on theater. And
once people realize that the Democrats
are and always have been since the days
of John Wils Booth who was literally an
actor. Once they realize that the
Democrats are a theater group who
pretend what's important for power and
they're not at all about fixing
anything. You know that book abundance
that we keep talking about Ezra Klein
and Derek Thompson's book. It's talking
about uh how the Democrats have to stop
being the ones who uh brag about getting
stuff
funded when nothing happens like
charging stations and you know highspeed
rail in California and internet to
remote areas. These are all areas where
the Democrats they took a victory lap
for getting it funded and then nothing
happened.
And so even Democrats are saying you
can't just be a theater group. You can't
just pretend you did something. You
actually have to do things. And I don't
even think that message is taking taking
a hold of the Democrats. I think the
Democrats by inertia, by whatever
reason, are absolutely firmly entrenched
entrenched entrenched in the idea that
messaging is what matters.
Do you know what that means? The
theater. Yeah. The theater. Now, the
thing that Trump has that they don't
quite understand is he has a full talent
stack. So, he can go full theater and
run a rally and entertain people and say
things that don't pass the factchecking.
Full theater. But it's sitting on top of
real accomplishments, especially in his
first term and clearly in his second
term, where even the other side can say,
um, you're you're really good at
theater, like really good, like better
than anybody's ever been. Nobody's ever
been better at theater than you are. But
you're also really good at making things
happen in the real world.
Once the Democrats figure that out that
they've only been they've only been
involved with the theater only, no
talent stack,
um it's going to be hard for them to
keep any kind of a ruling majority for
federal stuff. I think they'll still
rule in the, you know, the cities, etc.,
but I don't know. They seem doomed to
me. Of course, it would only take one
good federal, you know, candidate to
change everything, but I don't see that
person happening. Uh, General Flynn has
made an appeal to Elon Musk on X. I'll
just read it. He says, "Please, in
capitals, pull the thread on one of
these all the way to the end." One of
these being, you know, the Doge um
discoveries about bad funding behavior.
He says, "Pull the thread on these all
the way to the end to show who is
actually receiving the money. I'd like
to know and millions of other Americans
would like to know." True. Uh we des we
deserve to see who the hell is ripping
us off. You are correct, General. Uh who
is benefiting from this corruption? We
the people sincerely appreciate you and
the entire Doge team exposing them. But
the more important question that is
clearly bubbling up across our beautiful
country is, will anyone ever be held
accountable? Help us out here. Thank
you. Now, I fully embrace and agree with
that. However, I would bet that the
recipients don't have any crime to
answer to.
I feel like the system was just built so
that they could easily satisfy the let's
say the letter of the law while still
being completely criminal in intent. For
example, if somebody hired a million
dollar a year um consultant who happened
to be their own spouse and that person
didn't do much at all. Is that
illegal? I don't think it is.
It would be criminal in intent and
criminal in outcome, you know, in terms
of
criminalish, but I don't think it would
be technically illegal. And to me,
that's what all of this looks like. It
all looks like this thin veneer of well,
you know, we gave some of it to battle
AIDS in Africa. Well, how much? Well,
5%. But where did the rest of it go?
Well, there's a lot of administrative
overhead to get money to Africa. I mean,
it's not easy. And and it would just
look like normal
incompetence and normal bad behavior,
but not exactly
illegal. But I'm in 100% agreement with
General Flynn that we should be we
should know who it is because if it
turns out that 80% of it is going to
spouses of Democrat leaders or something
like that. I'm not I'm not assuming that
that's going to be the actual outcome,
but I think it would tell us a lot. Now,
I don't think that Doge is necessarily
tasked with that. So, I don't know if
that's in their domain. If it's not in
their domain, I don't know if I'd put it
there because they have enough to do.
You don't want Doge to be like a legal
arm of the government. You want them to
be cost cutting, fraud, and abuse. And
if they stick to that, maybe their
credibility is the best. But somehow may
whether it's Doge or somebody
else, wouldn't you like to know who's
spending your money?
Well, over in uh Great
Britain, you know, they have this prime
minister Kier Starmer, who I don't pay
much attention to British politics, but
this caught my
eye. Apparently, you know, Starmer said
that um Great Britain might be willing
or would be willing to put boots on the
ground to be a peacekeeping force in
Ukraine if necessary. and his own
military uh apparently is saying, you
know, you really should have talked to
us cuz that's bad
crazy. So, it sounds like the military
was not
advised or did not advise on the idea of
putting boots on the ground in Ukraine.
Now, of course, the military is not in
charge of that decision. So, if the
leader wants to say it and the leader
wants to do it, I believe he would have
that authority. But the military
dismissed it as quote political
theater.
So they've got a left-leaning
uh liberal leader who their own military
says is involved in political
theater. Ah, there it is. Theatrical. I
I remember when I first heard it, I
thought, really? You you think the
country of Great Britain is going to be
all in on boots on the ground in
Ukraine? Really? You you think that
that's a survivable
uh idea in terms of politically
survivable? Probably not. Probably not.
It looks like it was just theater, which
once again, we see the
pattern. But here's a a related topic.
Um, and by the way, the the funny thing
about Starmer is that although he would
be the, you know, liberal leader,
um, he's he seemed really very
proTrump because he was one of the first
ones to come over when Trump got
elected. And putting boots on the ground
in Ukraine
sounds pretty darn
warlike. So, he's an interesting
character. We'll keep an eye on him.
So, according to TVP World, I've never
heard of them, but uh they say that
China is thinking about putting uh
peacekeeping forces in
Ukraine. Uh I guess that's German media
says that. Now, they've only asked about
it. So, Europe, as you know, Europe is
considering the idea of maybe some kind
of UN peacekeeping force or a European
peacekeeping force. And of course, Putin
is all all completely no on that. No,
no, no, no, no. And big no. And also
capital no and all caps no. Um, but
they're still talking about
it. Now, China has never been considered
a potential force to have boots on the
ground, but let me let me just let me
just talk about that for a second. Your
first impression to China putting boots
on the ground as a peacekeeping force in
Ukraine would be what? Crazy, right?
Just insane. You don't want China to get
a a foothold in
Ukraine. And and also, China is
considered to be
pro-Russia, so maybe they wouldn't even
do the job they were sent there. Maybe
they're maybe they'd be like agents
working against peace so that Putin can
do what he needs to do. and they'll just
get out of the way. So, your suspicions
and the risk of it seems skyhigh,
right? Let me give you the alternate
argument. What does China
want? Because China is very predictable
in pursuing what's good for China. If if
you could predict one thing about China,
it's like, okay, what's good for China,
that's what they'll do. And that's not
wrong. I mean, even I think even Trump
would say, "Yeah, that's that's why she
is a strong leader. He's doing what's
good for China." And and he should. So,
what's good for China? Is it more
war? Is China better off if Putin takes
the rest of Ukraine with all the risks
that come with that? Nope. China is
better off if everybody else just stops
fighting because they want markets. They
want uh they want Russia to do well so
they can, you know, make more oil that
they can buy. They want them to they
want to do trade with them. They
probably want some of the resources to
come out of Ukraine. They might need
some food, maybe some wheat. I don't
know if they currently consume it or
not, but China is never in favor of
other countries being at
war. So, the weird thing about this is
this might be the best idea I've
heard. Now, I'm not blind to the fact
that you can't trust anybody. I'm not
blind to the fact that China and uh
Putin are seemingly a little bit close.
Although, realistically, I think there's
got to be some friction there. We just
don't hear about
it. They are the one They are the one
entity that in my opinion purely want
peace. And I'm not sure about Europe.
Europe seems to want to keep fighting
and Putin seems to want to keep
fighting. But
China, China definitely doesn't want
more fighting. There's not the slightest
chance that they want Russia to dissolve
as a country with all their their nukes
exposed. They don't want a nuclear conf,
you know, nuclear conflict because
nothing good about that. It's not good
for markets. It's not good for business.
It's not good for surviving.
So whatever happens that works in
Ukraine is going to be so far out of the
box that you're going to say, "Whoa,
that never occurred to me." This is
wonderfully outside the box. I'm not
going to say it's a good idea because,
you know, maybe smarter people who can
see around corners will say, "Oh, Scott,
you're forgetting about this or that."
But if you could make sure that the
Chinese presence wasn't so big that they
could, you know, somehow militarily
dominate Ukraine or something. Uh I
don't see this I don't see any chance
that Putin would
bomb Chinese
troops. Do
you? I think this might be weirdly one
of the better ideas about Ukraine.
high risk, but every every path is high
risk. So if you say that's too risky,
you have to compare it to all the other
paths which are too risky. So what we're
trying to do is find the least of the
two
risky paths and it might be the least
risky
weirdly. So anyway, uh the and again the
the thing that would make it possible is
that China is so darn predictable and I
predict that the last thing they want is
war. And if they think they're the only
thing that could prevent it, I think
they'd be in for the right
reasons. Speaking of Starr, Just the
News is reporting that Starmer wants to
do a Dogeelike thing with the British
bureaucracy. Remember I told you he's
weirdly Trumplike for somebody who's a
liberal. So he wants to do a Dogeelike
thing. And what do you think the locals
are saying about that? The
anti-tormers. Well, they're saying that
he wants to take a chainsaw to
the So they're using the chainsaw thing
against them. All he wants to do is
reduce the bureaucracy. He just wants to
save some money for the taxpayers. Oh,
you should use a scalpel instead of a
chainsaw. Chainsaw. Chainsaw.
Chainsaw. All right. Well, Mike Benz had
a uh video that I was listening to
yesterday
that, you know, every every time I
listen to him, I go away just saying,
"Oh, you know, my whole world view is
altered again.
Apparently, the CIA has long had
um let's say a
toolkit that included if they couldn't
get enough congressional support to do
something they wanted to do to another
country, let's say
Cuba, that one of the ways they would
deal with that is to support massive
immigration until there were enough
concentration of Cubans, let's say, in
one place that they could elect a
representative to Congress who could
help push the idea of, you know, getting
tough with
Cuba and that they may have actually
done that. And that another example
might be that um the CIA wanted to do
some things around
Somalia. So they somehow may have
inspired a bunch of uh immigration into
one part of the world which would elect
Elon
Omar. Is this real?
Is the CIA really manipulating the
Congress by mass immigration and then
concentrating them in one place so they
can elect their own congressperson and
then the CIA would back them and you
know give them enough power and
attention that uh it would it would be
driving the CIA's agenda instead of the
American
agenda. Is that real? Like I so want to
believe that's not real.
But it could be, certainly could be. It
would explain a
lot. Anyway, apparently the Department
of Education, which we think is going to
go away, um has spent hundreds of
millions of dollars or at least a
hundred million on
DEI for uh grade schools as well as
universities. And this is according to
just the news. Um, and now that that's
banned, we're wondering if they're going
to figure out some clever way to do it
or if they're going to stop doing it.
But can you even imagine that? That the
the Department of Education was going to
put a hund00 million into DEI to make
the world a worse place.
Unbelievable. So, that that certainly
makes it easy to get rid of the
Department of Education.
Um, and my last two stories are
technology. So, the New York uh police
department is sending drones wherever
there's a 911 call. So, futurism
publication is writing about this newer
LC. And what will happen is, I guess if
there's a 911 call, it automatically
will or somewhat automatically uh
they'll quickly dispatch a drone that
will have uh high-end surveillance so it
can get license plates and give faces
and and spot people. Um, I don't know
what percentage of 911 calls are
outdoors or maybe something starts
indoors and somebody escapes outdoors,
but I'm surprised that wasn't already a
thing. Um, to me, this seems like the
most inevitable thing you could ever
have. Don't you think that 10 years from
now, every city will be dispatching a
drone to a 9/11 call? I I feel like it's
just going to happen everywhere and it
will be sort of
normal. Um so I'm not going to put a
judgment on it whether it's good or bad.
It's just
inevitable. And then Nvidia
um has just said that robotics could
become the world's biggest
multi-trillion dollar industry. It
could if they ever figure out how to
make an AI that will really drive a
robot, which they haven't done yet.
Yeah. given given the
uh the complexity and the improvement in
robots. So you've seen lots of robots
who have hands that work almost like
normal hands and they have full
articulation and they have balance and
they can do tricks and stuff. So I'm
going to say that the robot
bodies are now complete. They will keep
improving of course but they are now
complete. In other words, if they had
the right AI brains, they're already
ready to
go. But they're not ready to go. And I'm
going to say again, I'm I'm the
contrarian here. I don't think there's
any AI that can drive a robot. And I
don't think that we have even the flavor
of AI that, no matter how much you tweak
it, would make it safe for a robot. I
feel like AI will have to be a whole
different invention that hasn't happened
yet. So maybe it's a year
away, but it could be
never. I I'm not going to predict that,
but it could be
never. Um, however, since I think it's
likely that they will get there, uh, I
wondered if there's any kind of robot
investment fund. Has anybody put
together a stock fund which is a
collection of just the best robot making
companies so you don't have to guess a
winner because if any one of them is the
winner it'll be trillion dollar company.
So I would definitely put money into a
robot fund so that I because that's
diversification. By the way I don't
recommend investments. That's not what I
do. The only thing I recommend is
diversification.
So the best way to diversify is not to
invest in one robot company but to
invest in some kind of a you know
collection of them but also make sure
that's not your only
investment. So th this is how I u give
you advice that's useful but it's not
investment advice because 100% of all
experts would tell you
diversification is really important. So,
as long as you're doing it with
diversification in mind, I don't mind
recommending you do it. But I'm not
going to recommend a specific company or
even a specific fund. I'm just curious
if one
exists. So, there there are funds like
that for nuclear
power. Um, so if you wanted to invest in
that, you'd have the option. Again, I
don't recommend it. It's just it's
there. All right, ladies and gentlemen.
That's all I've got for you today. Uh, I
hope that was uh enough positivity for
you. It does look like things are
looking pretty good in the uh Trump
world. I'm only worried about whether
Doge can get to the big numbers they
need to get to. To me, that's the only
thing that's looks like a problem, like
a big problem. So, we'll see. I'll be
optimistic about that as well. All
right. I'm going to talk to the uh local
subscribers privately. The rest of you,
thanks for joining. I'll see you
tomorrow, same time, same place every
day for X and Rumble and uh YouTube. And
30 seconds from now will Okay.