Everybody, so today the uh stock
market's closed, right, for Good Friday.
Is that what's going
on? Let me assume that's
true. And get your comments going and
then we got a show. Come on in
here. The more the
[Music]
better. Everything's moving a little
slowly, including me today.
All right. Today I'm going to be
practicing my
segways. Segue meaning transition from
one story to the
[Music]
other. Good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams. And honestly, you've never
had a better Friday. I mean, you've had
a good Friday, but you've never had one
this
good. But if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny, shiny
human brains. All you need for that is a
cuper mug or a glass of tanker Chelsea
Stein, a canteen jug or flask, a vessel
of any kind. Fill it with your favorite
liquid. I like coffee. And join me now
for the unparalleled pleasure, the
dopamine. The end of the day, the thing
that makes everything better. It's
called, that's right, the simultaneous
sip. It happens right now.
Go.
Terrific. That's the good
stuff. All right. You ready for this?
So, according to a study that's being
written about in the conversation,
Daniel Jolly and Ewan Denick, they say
that there's a new research that shows
that poor sleep quality can make you
believe in conspiracy
theories. Has anybody had that
experience where you wake up and you
didn't have good sleep and all all of a
sudden you're like, "Oh, we didn't land
on the
moon." Anybody?
No. Um, but here's what's wrong with
this study. According to me, the way
they studied whether sleep determines
how much you believe in a conspiracy
theory is they came up with a fake one.
Um, and then they just had people
evaluate the fake one. And then toward
the end of the their article about how
they've done this research, they talked
about how important it is to understand
conspiracy theorists because conspiracy
theorists might be involved with vaccine
hesitancy, climate change denial, and
violent
extremism. So here's the problem with
that kind of research. It really kind of
requires that the researchers either use
a conspiracy theory test that nobody
really believes as a real conspiracy
theory. That's just sort of a madeup
one. But as soon as they test anything
that's real, as in people really believe
it, like uh vaccine hesitancy or climate
change, then they need to be the the
judges of what's true and what's a
conspiracy. And I'm not sure they're
good at it. What if the researchers
themselves didn't get enough
sleep? They would come to work and
they'd be like, "I don't think we landed
on the moon. How much sleep did you get?
I got about four hours. I couldn't wait
to get to work.
Yep. So,
um I think you would need to be extra
smart to see that conspiracies are real.
So, here's what I
think. I think if you don't get enough
sleep, your brain will still want to
give you an answer to anything that's
confusing. So the less sleep you get,
the more likely you might glom onto some
simple conspiracy theory. But the real
conspiracy theories, you know, the ones
that have lots of detail and you'd have
to really understand how all the moving
parts work, like later I'm going to tell
you about the Biden administration
uh completely ending free speech in
America or attempting to. and it has a
whole bunch of moving
parts. You would have to be really
unsleepy to even understand the whole
conspiracy before you could even have an
opinion on it. So, I've got a feeling
that the two things that make you
believe in conspiracies are being
sleepy but also being very
awake. the two extremes. The place where
you're probably, you know, not believing
in the conspiracies is, oh, you had a
pretty good sleep, but you're you're not
really keyed into all the details of
what's going on in the real
world. Anyway, um the so-called Tesla
diner diner in Santa Monica is almost
open and it's going to be kind of cool.
So, you'll be able to go there and uh
buy food and the staff will allegedly,
we don't have confirmation of this, be
on
skates. So, it's like a diner with
skates that shows two big screens that
have uh 30 minute movies that are
designed to be the right length for how
long your car
charges. And uh I guess anybody could go
there to eat. You don't have to be
charging your car and it doesn't need to
be a Tesla. You could charge any
electric vehicle. And here's what I love
about it. I love the fact that they made
something where you could take the kids
and you could turn it into an
event. How many people are sitting
around on the weekend and thinking, "Uh,
I need to take my car to get it charged,
but you know, I also got to watch the
kids and they're bored." And so you can
just put him in the car and say, "Hey,
hey family, we're going to lunch." And
you would go to this cool diner and you
would watch a cool movie and uh the
staff would be skating around so it'd be
more interesting than not and get you
car charged. So it's sort of
experimental in the sense that nobody
knows how it's going to work out. But I
love it as an
idea a as a concept.
It feels like it understands everything
about human
interaction, right? It's completely
permissive. You know, you don't have to
don't have to charge your car. So, it's
not, you know, it's not like we have too
many
rules. Um, and it's just automatically
interesting. You know, if there were a
place I could go where the staff is on
skates, I would go
there even if the food wasn't amazing.
And you, who knows, maybe the food is
amazing, but it seems like a tremendous
thing to
test. Well, there's a little update on
the Daily Mail about the Area 51 linked
Navy sailor, this is the title, who saw
the latest tic-tac UFOs rising from the
Pacific. You know, it's always
tic-tac UFOs now. Tic Tac UFO, tic tac
UFO.
And there's nothing about the update
that makes me think that there are any
alien ships at all or that the tic tacs
are really anything. And they they never
leave a heat signature, which is a
little suspicious. And they always they
always move at speeds that cannot be
understood. And often there's more than
one of them. And they they operate in
unison, you know, in ways that we can't
even understand. Synchronized flight. So
all right. So, I don't believe a single
thing about any of these tic tacs rising
from the ocean caught it on radar. I
don't believe any of it. However, it
does make me wonder about the following.
You know how every time there's some
mystery, you always end up finding out
that somebody's making money off it. So,
is it possible, and I'm just going to
put this out here, it's not a it's not a
belief, but it's a question. Is it
possible that the PR and marketing
people that make Tic Tacs
uh like to insert this story a little
bit more often that it might happen
naturally? If you were the PR people for
the the actual candy or the I don't know
what they call it, but the breath
freshener called a Tic Tac. Wouldn't it
be good for a business to every every
two months, three months, insert an
update onto the story about the tic
tacs, even if nothing's happened? So,
this is one of those literally nothing
new has happened. So, it's just
regurgitating an old tic tac story, and
I'm thinking, hm, who would have a
financial motive to continually recycle
a tic tac related UFO story? Tic tac.
Because once it gets in your mind,
you're thinking, I could use a tic tac.
I'll pick one up. I'm just saying it's
not an accusation. I'm just saying that
if the tic tac company had figured out
to do this as a marketing scheme, I
would be so impressed because I think it
would work just to keep it in people's
minds cuz it's not like a negative
interaction. You know, we don't hate the
aliens. We think they're maybe
interesting.
So maybe it's a reason to get some Tic
Tacs. You never
know. Here's something kind of cool. Um,
as you know, China is building naval
ships like crazy and the United States
has sort of forgotten how to do ship
building. So, that's a problem because
for decades, the US Navy has kept the
world safe. Well, that's our version of
it anyway. Um, by essentially
controlling the oceans because nobody
had a navy like ours. But um China is
developing a navy like ours, if not a
bigger one, and we don't have the
ability to keep up. However, according
to Tom Hail andFL Science,
um there's a startup um that's from
2024, so it's brand new. And it's being
led by a team that used to work for
Amazon Robotics and iRoot and and the US
Navy. So they're they're the right
qualifications and they want to make uh
uh
unmanned or let's say unpersoned because
I'm so woke unpersoned
um ships for shipping especially for
shipping uh goods. So they'd be
crewless, let's call them crewless
ships. Now what is interesting about
this is that um I'm sort of reading a
little bit between the lines here. So,
this is my own assumption is that if you
make a ship that doesn't need to have
any human being on it and it's just AI
based, it's got to be cheaper and a
whole lot easier to build, right?
Because you you don't have to worry
about humans. There's just no humans to
be on it to about. So, you know, there's
no bathrooms, there's no food, there's
no, you know, there's no AC, maybe, I
don't know. So, in theory, we could
build these drone crewless ships
um and we would be able to do it maybe
kind of quickly. And some of these could
be for military and some could be
shipping. And here's uh here's what they
think would be the benefits. lower fuel
costs,
uh, smaller carbon
footprint, more cargo space because no
humans, and, uh, they say that even the
pirates might lose interest if there's
no one on board to pay a
ransom. Well, I feel like the pirates
might figure out how to threaten to
destroy the
ship, but they wouldn't know who to talk
to, I guess. So, it might be a problem.
The pirates would be like, "Where's all
the people we threaten?" Ah, arg. We
have no people to threaten. What do we
do now? Well, we'll say we'll destroy
the cargo unless they give us money. And
then they'd say, "Who gives us money?
There's nobody on the
ship." Well, but we'll contact we'll
contact the mother
company. How do we know who the mother
company
is? How do you know who owns it?
So, might be a problem for
pirates. Well, let's check in on Trump
and see if he said anything funny
lately. Oh, yeah. Um, he recently said,
he said this before, but he said it at a
press thing. Uh, Jimmy Carter died a
happy man. You know why? Because he
wasn't the worst president. Joe Biden
was. Now, that makes me laugh every time
I hear it. And I'm gonna give you a uh a
humor lesson. And it goes like
this. The the type of humor that works
depends entirely on the situation.
Right? So it's not as if funny is funny.
A joke's a joke. That's not true at all.
There there are things that are funny in
person that you just say, you know, sort
of off the top of your head at an event
that are hilarious that wouldn't be
funny in any other context. So, if you
were to write this as a um let's say a
joke within a play, the audience will
think that's not that funny.
Um, but if you say it in a press event
and you're the sitting president of the
United States and Jimmy Carter has only
been deceased what, a few
months, it's still way too fresh. And
Biden's only been out of office a few
months and he's still
alive. It It's so
inappropriate, but not illegal. I mean,
you know, he has the right to say it.
So, what makes it funny is not that it's
funny as a joke. What makes it funny is
he's not supposed to do it. And Trump is
the master of doing humor. That's only
funny because you did it live and you
weren't supposed to talk that way. You
know, he some of his posts are the same
thing. It's just something you're not
supposed to say. So, it's funny because
it's inappropriate and Trump knows that
for sure.
Well, according to the postmillennial
Hayden Cunningham is writing the that
Americans between the age of 18 to 21
are overwhelmingly supporting the GOP,
uh, according to a Yale youth poll. Now,
um, here's why I think that might be
true.
The younger the
person, the less they care about the
policy and the more they care about the
vibe. Would you say that's true? If you
if you're talking to a you know 45 year
old who follows politics and cares about
all the details you know they might care
about policy a
lot but if you're talking to an 18 to 21
year old they couldn't describe a single
policy but they can
feel and I think what what uh Trump
brings to the party is like that joke
about uh
Biden it's inappropriate.
And if you're 18 to 21, you're really
drawn to people breaking rules. If
you're a rule breaker, and I'm 19, I I
want to see
more. I want to see exactly what you're
up to. He did what? He challenged the
courts. H Now you have my interest. He
did what? He said a joke that nobody's
supposed to say.
H I'd like to I'd like to see a little
more of that. He did what? He closed the
border using a bunch of tricks that the
Supreme Court can't even figure out if
it's legal or illegal. Huh? He deported
MS-13 guy to one of those terrible jails
in uh El Salvador. H Did he
now? So, there's something about Trump
continually being the thorn in the side
of how you're supposed to do
things that's very appealing to people
the younger they
are. Now, I've said this before, but
this uh trend of the youngest people
being proTrump, I noticed this several
years ago uh locally. Uh I won't give
you more details than that, but I can
tell you that when I asked around
of of young people, you know, wherever I
could run into one, a family member or
otherwise. Um, and I asked the question,
there was no wokeness. There wasn't a
single woke bone in in the boys. In the
boys. Now, the girls could be a little
bit mixed, but when you were talking to
boys, 100%
anti-woke. Absolutely. They didn't want
to be they didn't want their uh they
didn't want their speech regulated. They
didn't want to have to use a pronoun.
Absolutely not. So, boys, I think
responded to the anti-woke part.
So, um, according to, uh, Fox News Peter
Panedo, the Supreme Court is going to
make a big decision, um, about district
judges. So, you know how these district
judges have been doing uh, rulings that
would prevent Trump from doing things
even though they're just a district
judge. They're making rulings that
affected, you know, everything in the
country, which most people don't think
is what they were supposed to be doing.
They should have stuck to things that
are in their domain and they're
definitely on things that are, you know,
completely national and not in their
district. So, it turns out that the
Supreme Court has
um it's taken I guess it took three
separate nationwide injunctions. So,
it's looking at three separate ones and
then it combined them together. So, it
consolidated the three cases into one
set uh to one situation, I guess. And so
they're going to see oral arguments
about that and they'll decide whether
district judges can issue rulings that
affect the entire country. So this is
exactly what you wanted. You wanted the
Supreme Court to say, can these district
judges make rulings that affect the
entire
country? when it doesn't seem like that
was ever an intention of the
Constitution or our system. So, I'm
really happy about this. Uh this would
be a gigantic clarifier and it would
free the uh Trump administration to do
the things that they've been trying to
do without these federal judges that of
course are being judge shopped um
without them getting in the way. Now,
I'm assuming I'm I'm getting ahead of
myself cuz I'm assuming that the Supreme
Court is going to say, uh, no, that's
the Supreme
Court. I don't see a situation where the
Supreme Court says, "Oh, yeah, you can
take our power and, uh, you can just
have our power and do it at the district
level." Is that even possible? it it
seems like there's no way it could go
the wrong way because the Supreme Court
would be looking out for its own power
base, if you want to call it that. Um,
and from their perspective, it would
just be probably protecting the
Constitution and protecting the Supreme
Court, etc. So, I think it can only go
one way, but we'll see.
Well, let's uh check up on all the
criminals. Uh have you noticed that the
news is often about
criminals in a whole bunch of different
contexts? There's always a criminal
involved. So, the criminal today is the
Mayo Clinic. The libs of Tik Tok
discovered that the Mayo Clinic simply
renamed their DEI office. you know, now
that DEI is officially and federally
illegal and uh you could be banned from
getting federal funding if you got any
DEI stuff. So, apparently the Mayo
Clinic just renamed their DEA DEI office
to the Office of
Belonging. The Office of
Belonging. And all they did is change
the names, but you know, it's the same
person doing the same job.
Um, so they're in
trouble. They got some they got some
risk
there. Um, and then there's uh here
here's one of the cases that I guess the
Supreme Court will will be ruling on
directly or indirectly. So, according to
Fox News, um you know how Doge was going
to rewrite these social security
programs so that they would be deficient
and not written in 100-year-old
code? Well, a federal judge, one of
these district judges, just uh paused
Doge and said they can't access the
social security data even to fight
fraud, which was the point of it. Uh now
they have to delete their non anonymized
data which probably just ruins the whole
thing. Uh they have to undo some of
their smart code upgrades. They got to
jump through a bunch of hoops
bureaucratically to get anything done.
So basically a federal judge there
probably shouldn't have any jurisdiction
over it. And the Supreme Court is
looking at exactly that now.
um simply just pushed a bunch of
bureaucracy in front of Doge so they
can't get their job
done.
Incredible. So here the federal
judge is taking the side of social
security
fraudsters. To me they're both
criminals.
Now, technically, there's no crime
whatsoever that the federal judge
violated, but I think the Supreme Court
is is about ready to tell them that you
can't do that. So, is that a crime? To
me, it looks like somehow the federal
judges and the Social Security
fraudsters are on the same team because
they're operating that way. I mean, I
don't think it's intentional, but
they're operating like they're part of
the same criminal criminal enterprise.
Uh, just, you know, the way it looks,
not the truth. All right, here's another
criminal situation. This time, the
criminals are the FBI and the Department
of Justice, uh, under Biden, not not the
current group, although there some of
these criminals are still working in
those places. So, do you remember
Brandon
Straka? He was the walk away guy who was
doing the walk away from the Democrats
and become a Republican, which is what
he had done. So, he had attended the
January 6 event and apparently done
nothing illegal, just nothing.
But they jinned up some charges and uh
said he did something that he didn't do
and next thing you know he got
prosecuted but he got a uh um he was
released by Trump's action of his uh
pardons. So he got pardoned and do you
think he was
done? Here's the problem. If you try to
jail an activist who has a background in
film, what do you think's going to
happen after
that? If you
unfairly, meaning criminally, because
you knew you were doing it unfairly, if
you
criminally convict somebody who is an
activist with experience in
film, do you think he's going to get
out? And when he's pardoned, do you
think he's going to create a documentary
that that ounce every single one of
these
 That's what he's doing by name.
He He's showing the actual criminals,
some of them still working. And he's
going to show every part of their
crimes. And it's going to be and I guess
it's already completed uh a documentary
to show just the criminal behavior of
the people who put him away.
How much do I love that? I can't even
express it. I love it so much. And I
love the fact that he's naming names.
He's like, "This person still works for
either the FBI or the DOJ. This person
still works there. Why? They're they're
criminals."
And if I had to
guess, they're all going to lose their
jobs over the
documentary because really all he has to
do is pull together what actually
happened in the real world. He doesn't
have to make anything up. He he just has
to say this happened. This happened, you
know, and it's probably well documented.
So, I've told you before the documentary
effect will make um the documentary
effect is dangerous and that it it's
generally a one-sided presentation
that's very
persuasive. But I trust that uh Brandon
Straa, since we've all been watching
him, he's a public figure. Uh I trust
that his documentary will be equally
persuasive. Um, and it's not going to
show the other side cuz the other side
is a bunch of
criminals and I think they're going to
pay.
So, time for a little
justice. Um, here here's what Brandon
says. After four years of having the
truth silenced by a corrupt plea deal, I
can finally share what really happened
without fear of reprisal thanks to my
pardon. So, you're going to see never
before seen footage proving his
innocence. Now, I didn't have a link for
that, but if but I'm I'm sure that'll
pop up on social media pretty
fast. All right, so good luck, Brandon.
Um, according to reclaim the net, that's
a publication Christina Moss is writing
that there are some declassified Biden
era domestic terror strategy
documents that show this broad
surveillance tech partnership and global
speech regulation
agenda. Now, that's pretty complicated,
isn't it? Let me simplify it.
The Biden
administration put massive um mechanisms
in place to destroy free speech in
America. That's what that is without the
technical part. The Biden
administration very directly and and I'm
not there's no hyperbole here. This is
there's no exaggeration. The Biden
administration tried very hard and they
would have succeeded if Trump had not
been elected. Uh they had
destroyed free speech in
America and it's
complicated so it's hard to even
understand. So probably nobody will ever
be held accountable for it. But probably
one of the greatest crimes or attempted
crimes in the history of the United
States. If I told you that somebody put
together a
plot to end free speech in America and
knowing that free speech is the, you
know, the bedrock primary right that
makes all the other ones possible, you
could argue the second amendment does
that, but I think the first amendment is
even more on
point.
So here's the basic idea.
So the Trump the Biden administration
was worried about something called
misinformation and all those
misinformation people. So they created
this gigantic structure which even
connected to international efforts to
also fix
misinformation. But like the criminals
that they were and are they didn't
define misinformation.
That's the end of free speech because
they can say what you say about
vaccinations is misinformation so you
must be banned from social media. That's
the end of free speech. There's no other
way to look at that. They could say if
you're saying things about uh let's say
Ukraine and whether whether we should
end the war, well that's misinformation.
So, you must be banned from social
media, possibly lose your job, um won't
be able to be get hired by the
government. That's the end of free
speech. If they had defined
misinformation as, you know, something
specific where you could even know if
you were violating it or not, well, that
might have been something different, but
they didn't do that. They kept the
definition open and then they created
this massive mechanism of I don't know
fact checkers and and people who were
involved in making sure there was no
misinformation and then they were going
to do this massive uh education thing
where they would train both adults and
children to identify
misinformation. Do you think that they
taught them things like I teach? When I
teach people how to identify
misinformation, I say stuff like, "Well,
if the if the information is only coming
from uh one anonymous source and you're
seeing it read by the traditionally
lying
media, you shouldn't trust it." Now,
that would be teaching people to
identify
misinformation. If when I teach you that
if something's too on the nose, you
shouldn't trust it, that's learning to
identify misinformation. When I tell
you, as I just did, that a documentary
will be super persuasive, but it doesn't
mean it's true. They're all
persuasive. That's learning to spot
misinformation, right? So, I could go
on, but when I tr but when I teach you
to spot misinformation, as I've been
doing now for years, I teach you a
technique. What do you What do you think
the Biden administration criminals were
going to do with
misinformation? They were going to tell
you what was
true. They weren't going to teach you to
spot misinformation.
They were going to say they were, but
for example, they would say if somebody
says that the climate models are not
real, that's
misinformation. Now, is that the same?
No. That's simply telling you what's
true. That's brainwashing. Exactly. That
is brainwashing. So, they were trying to
disguise disinformation
training. Uh, well, they're trying to
disguise brainwashing as training you to
spot
brainwashing. Completely unethical,
immoral, some of the worst criminal
behavior you'll ever hear in your
life. And Trump stopped it by by his
victory.
So this is one of those stories that if
you look in the history books in 10
years, this won't be there. Do you know
why this won't be there? It should this
should be one of the biggest stories of
the past 25 years that there was a
president who tried to who tried and got
close to ending free speech in America
and and that the mechanism for it is
very clear now because the documents are
all available. There's no guessing.
There's no speculation that maybe they
were trying it. It's not a conspiracy
theory. It's all well
documented. There will be no history
that records that the Biden
administration came very close to ending
free speech forever in
America because it's
complicated. That's all it takes.
Because it's complicated, it'll never be
in any history book that any child will
see. Now, it might be in, you know,
books that become bestsellers for
adults, but even that's not going to
affect too many people. You know, even a
bestseller could be 50,000, 100,000
copies.
So it it won't be completely forgotten
by history, but it will never be taught.
You know that there will never be a
course that teaches college students,
yeah, you know, in the Biden
administration, they were this close to
ending free speech
forever, but it is the
case.
Unbelievable. All right, let's talk
about the uh Maryland dad. you know, the
MS-13 Maryland
dad. So, one of the things I like to do
with that
story is I do like to see how the u the
Democrats are handling it. You know, the
Republican version is that he absolutely
definitely was MS-13. He was he was
picked up with other MS-13 people. He
had MS-13
um clothing that's, you know, well
identified. Uh there was a source that
said he was MS13 and and and you say to
yourself, hm, I don't know. It looks he
looks pretty MS-13 to me. But then you
hear the Democrats say, "Oh, that's
pretty sketchy." I don't know. The the
the police officer, was it a police
officer who uh originally picked him up
uh you know, got dismissed for bad
behavior soon after. So you go, hm h
maybe the person who was the, you know,
the principal who who identified him as
MS-13, he did something else that makes
him look
sketchy. So maybe we can't totally trust
that
guy. But I was reading in the Hill that
uh the thing where he got picked up with
other MS13 people, he was waiting at a
Home Depot for work. So, you know how um
the migrants often will wait in the
parking lot of Home Depot. So, the
people will pull up and say, "Uh, I need
two people to dig a ditch today." And
then, you know, say, "I'll take you and
you." And then they just go off and they
get some day work. if he was hanging out
with two MS I guess a couple of MS-13
people who are also just looking for day
work and he was just standing there
looking for day work too. That's not
exactly hanging out with
MS-13. That's hanging out at Home
Depot. It wasn't up to this guy to know
whether these people were MS-13, but I
think he recognized them from before. So
maybe he did, maybe he didn't. We don't
know. He was wearing a Chicago Bulls
hat, which wasn't too surprising, and
it's not proof that you're gang related,
but it's a strong
indication. You know, it it would be a
weird coincidence if you just happened
to be a fan. and you were the only
person from El Salvador who didn't know.
They're wearing a bull's hat and a
particular image uh on a bull's jersey
with I guess three monkeys covering
their eyes and ears and mouths with
dollar bills. Um if he didn't know that
those were gang related, that'd be kind
of weird. Now, don't you think if you
were not an
MS-13 and you knew what the clothing of
an MS-13 person was and you had an
option of what you're going to wear,
would you ever wear clothing that would
identify you as
MS-13? And wouldn't the MS-13 people
kill you immediately if they knew that
you were not in the club, but you were
pretending to be?
So that's
something. And then apparently the
immigration judge uh Judge Kesler had
said about the source. So really I think
most of the case depended on the source
being reliable because so there was a
source that said not only is he in in
MS-13, he has a rank and he has a
nickname like he has a gang nickname.
that would be pretty conclusive that
he's in a gang. So, the immigration
judge said uh about the source that the
source was a past, proven, and reliable
source of information
uh that verified the respondent's gang
membership, rank, and gang
name. And that was uh sufficient to
support the fact that he was actually a
gang member. So that's from a
immigration
judge. Um, and she had decided that the
informant was reliable. Now I guess you
would have to take the word of the
judge, but would it be fair to say that
he has been adjudicated as a gang
member? Do you remember how
um they like to say that Trump was
adjudicated as a some kind of criminal
or something and that that they wouldn't
say he did it because that would be too
far. They'd say he was adjudicated to
have done it. So there was a process.
Now, if you're worried about the
uh the the due
process, at least this part of it, looks
like an immigration judge whose job it
is to determine who's telling the truth
and who is credible and who is not.
um looked at the source and said, "Okay,
this is a reliable source, but I'd like
to know more about it cuz I I'd hate to
hear that uh the all the judge did was
ask some law enforcement person, hey, is
this source reliable?" Oh, yeah,
totally. Because they, you know, just
wanted the person to be
deported. So, I'm not sure I believe
it that the source is reliable. Remember
what I told you just five minutes ago
that if you're looking for
misinformation, one of the ways is an
anonymous
source, the least dependable source of
information is an anonymous source. But
it wasn't anonymous to the judge.
Still, it was one person saying
it. Yeah, it was still one person. So,
I'm still leaning toward it seems far
more likely that he was, you know, gang
affiliated than not. But, uh, you should
know that, uh, this is not the home run
100% proof that he was a gang member
that you'd really like to hear because
then you'd feel more comfortable about
it. And clearly there was an error in
having him deported to El
Salvador. But the weird wrinkle on that
is if you're deported to El Salvador be
and and the problem was that you had a
you had a deportation um order, but
there was a a hold on it that was also
legally valid. It was more valid than
the deportation order because it was the
higher level order, I guess.
Um, if the reason that he that that some
immigration judge had decided he should
not be sent back to El Salvador
specifically is because that's where the
risk came
from. Isn't that the safest country in
the
world? Could you really say that he
would be safer hanging out with known uh
MS-13 people in the United States? Would
that be safer than going to El
Salvador? Now, anything's safer probably
than being in the Well, I don't know.
Maybe it's safe to be in those prisons
because they're just so controlled. I
don't know. But it would be a terrible
life. You know, it's barely a life. So,
it's a it's a way more interesting case
than I thought it would be. So that in
order to I mean I think it's
ironic that the reason he couldn't be
deported to El Salvador tactically even
though he was uh is because it would be
too dangerous but it might be the safest
place in the entire
hemisphere if you were out of jail. If
you're in
jail then it's a jail level you know
risk which is never good.
Well, um I haven't said much about this,
but there was a big story in the New
York Times that uh
ADHD
um might be not what the experts have
been telling you forever, and it might
not even be a condition that needs to be
treated in many cases. So, there's no
doubt that the drug works to change
behavior and to get you what you want,
but you know, there's a downside to
giving a kid a, you know, basically some
kind of uh speed. And uh there's one I
guess rolin can make you not grow as
tall, although that might be temporary.
We don't know.
And there's a thought that maybe the
entire thing was driven by the economics
of the industry because once pharma
could make money and once there were uh
special people whose job it was to
handle the ADHD kids that couldn't be
handled any other way and once you had
programs and education about it that it
became sort of its own little
engine and uh whenever a kid came in who
was a little overactive, they'd say,
"Hm, looks like ADHD." And and there
would be, you know, tons of
overdiagnosis.
I saw a comment by uh Chimath Pelatia,
one of the all-in pod guys, you know,
and he he uh he says that one of his
kids was at one point uh identified as
an ADHD kid, but that uh he wasn't
buying into the, you know, the whole
thing looked a little sketchy to him.
And he says uh sort of as I guess a
summary, I find it more plausible that
economic incentives drove an entire
industry to spring up around an FDA
approved
drug that looking back mostly doesn't
work. People make money diagnosing it,
tutoring around it, coaching around it,
etc.
Now, that could be right. I I saw Matt
Walsh talking about how, you know, he
thought it was a fake condition, too.
Now, I wouldn't call it fake in the
sense that, you know, maybe there's some
percentage that's real and some
percentage that's not, but I do think
that if you simply changed people's
environment,
um, you could probably drive a lot of it
out of the situation.
So, and I also wonder if there's a
reframe that would
work because if if not paying
attention is the big problem, but what
if you just made those kids exercise
like immediately? You know, you you
start class and then there's a bunch of
ADHD kids who can't pay attention and
you just say, "All right, kids. We're
gonna take a break." And you just you
just make them exercise like crazy, you
know, in play, you know, not not
anything that hurts them, but you just
make them play play until they can sit
in one place and be glad that they are.
And then you see if they can pay
attention. And then the other reframe is
when I was when I was a student and I
should tell you that I went to a very
small school, very small, but um I was a
validictorian. And I think at least part
of the reason I was validictorian
besides being kind of smart is that the
way I approached my schoolwork was that
it was a
contest and I was competing against the
other students, not just the ones in my
class but in the world. And uh whoever
competed the best would get the prizes
and the prizes would be the good jobs
and the the better life and the the
better mate, you know, all those things.
So when I would look at my schoolwork
and it would be super
boring, I would not say, "Oh my god,
it's boring and it's not connected to
anything in the real world, so I just
can't even pay attention to it." It's
like it doesn't there's no meaning to
it. Because even ADHD people can pay
attention when they have meaning. Like
if it's something they care about, they
they have no problem paying attention.
They can do it all day long without any
medication at all. So I never got bored
with boring schoolwork because I was
looking at the future and I was saying
if I can get through this but other
people get bored by it, I win. It's a
contest and it's easier to do something
painful in the in the context of a sport
or a contest because you're thinking
about the prize and then you can do
unpleasant things to get a prize because
the focus is on the prize and then
suddenly it really does mean something
to you. So for me that was my most
effective reframe and it just sort of
came naturally as a kid because I would
sit there and think if I do better on
this test than other people don't I win
more prizes and the answer is yes. You
win more prizes your your whole
life. Well let's talk about another
criminal. I call her Leticia Jesse
James. I'm going to add the Jesse part
because it sounds more criminal. Leticia
Jesse James. And as you know, uh quite
ironically, she has been uh referred to
the Department of Justice because of a
number of um
alleged financial fraud that she she did
to get her own mortgages for some
property. So, one had to do with saying
that she her primary residence was
Virginia, which it wasn't. One had to do
with saying that her fiveunit
um place was a four-unit place, which it
wasn't. And apparently at one point she
said her father was her husband. So
there might be some more, but those are
the ones I remember. Uh but what I
didn't know because I've been saying uh
incorrectly I've been saying no these
are just you know worst case scenario
it's going to be a big fine and it might
be expensive but it's not like she's
going to go to jail or anything but
apparently Kyle Welch this uh George
Washington University School of Business
professor who specializes in financial
fraud says that if the allegations are
if they hold up um they could carry jail
time and lead to
disbarment. So jail time plus
disparment, that would be a pretty big
penalty. Now, what does Leticia James
say about all this? What is her what is
her defense against al very specific
allegations of wrongdoing? Did she say I
didn't do that thing with the five unit
building? Did she say I never said my
father was my husband? Did she say I
never said that Virginia was my primary
residence?
Nope. What she said was uh that the uh
the allegations about her own mortgage
fraud are quote retaliation against all
of the actions that I've taken
successfully against Donald Trump.
Well, it might be a little bit of
retaliation, but if it's
true, it's also a bunch of crimes. So, I
I think that's as close as you can get
to admitting you did the
crime is to say that the reason that
they're that they're after me is
retaliation. No. If you're innocent,
imagine you're in this situation.
If you were in this situation and you
knew the truth was you had committed no
crimes, would you start with saying that
they're only coming after me for
retaliation? No, you wouldn't. No one
would. They would start with none of
this is true. And then they would say,
"It's just because of the
retaliation." But you wouldn't start
with it's because of retaliation. You
would start with none of these things
hold up. These are I didn't do that if
it were true. And so I guess uh that
that's as close as you can get to
admitting you did the
crimes. Well, let's talk about sexy
Luigi Manioni
uh who as you know is the hottest of all
the murderers.
Um, apparently the uh grand jury in New
York um is going for uh four different
uh
charges uh although I think I only wrote
down three of them, but I'm going to
read them in a sexy way so that you can
hear them the way the Democrats hear
them. And I'd like you to imagine uh
there's bad porn music in the
background.
I don't know even what that sounds like
cuz you know I've never listened to it.
Um but he's he's uh he's guilty of two
counts of
stalking. He might be guilty of a
firearm
offense and maybe murder through the use
of a
firearm. Is that sexy? I mean, I know
you're turned
on. Try to get through the rest of the
day thinking about that, huh?
Yeah.
Sexy. Apparently, the last charge would
make him uh eligible
for the death
penalty. Yeah,
ladies. What's that do to you? He's
eligible for the death penalty. Now, if
that doesn't turn you on, I don't know
what
will. Meanwhile, uh according to Neil
Monroe writing for Breitbart News, uh
Trump is developing some kind of a plan
that might provide money for illegal
migrants who want to self-deport,
meaning that if the only thing stopping
them from doing it is they can't
afford to can't afford to do it, you
know, because they somehow have to get
back home and all that. And so Trump's
uh considering some kind of a stipend or
a way to help people afford the
self-deportation. And I think that's a
good idea because a lot of these people
might want to come back for work
programs. They might want to come back
and try to become members of the country
through legal means. And uh if they
self-deport, especially if they get a
little help doing it, they could
maintain their uh their proper rights to
come back and that would be
great. Here's a weird one. Uh according
to rapid response talking about uh stuff
that Trump does, um I guess he signed an
executive order to restore American
seafood competitiveness.
Now, how many of you knew that there was
a problem with seafood
competitiveness? I did not. I was not
aware of that at all. But apparently,
it's real. It's like a real big problem.
And of course, it's self-induced by too
many regulatory burdens. And of course,
there's unfair trade that we're always
dealing with with other countries. And
uh so apparently this uh executive order
would get rid of the regulatory stuff
and combat the fair trade part and
enhance production and exports. Now I
didn't think this was necessarily a big
deal until I saw a comment by Chef
Andrew Grl. If you're on X, you'll
probably be familiar with him. He's a
very popular commenter and a
professional chef. and uh he said that
he worked um in an area in which he saw
this firsthand and agrees this is a
giant problem.
So that's a good source. So if Andrew
Grl says it was a big problem and this
will be a big step toward fixing it, I
believe it. So that's just good news.
Um, according to 404 media and Joseph
Cox, I guess, uh, there's an somehow
they get access to an internal
Palunteer, the company Palunteer Slack
message, and they found out, uh, that
Palunteer, according to 404 media, um,
did a recent, uh, build of a tool that
helps ICE find the physical locations of
people who have been marked for
deportation. Now it doesn't say how they
do that. So it must be a combination of
data. So they they must be able to
identify where people
are from some combination of maybe phone
usage and buying patterns and maybe
maybe you know connection to other
people. I don't know what the data is
that they use but uh Palunteer would use
their magic to do that. So that's
interesting.
Um, the Defense Post is writing that
there's yet another uh drone AI driven
vehicle. So, this one's like a little I
don't know, it looks smaller than a
Jeep, but it's AI driven and it's uh can
do all kinds of things. It's fully
autonomous. It's a tactical vehicle. It
can go 35 miles an hour. It it can carry
a payload that's pretty substantial. And
it can do a variety of missions across
multiple terrains and conditions. Uh and
it doesn't even need GPS to do what it's
do what it does. So it's modular and you
can change it to do all kinds of
different missions, etc. Now this is
like the I don't know the millionth time
I've told you a story like this. Um but
these are real. I mean the thing is
actually built and it looks like they
can build more of them. Uh so at the
same
time we're going to look at the uh the
peace deals potential peace deal with
Ukraine because if we don't get a peace
deal with Ukraine and
Russia what happens then? So I think
what happens at least in maybe the Trump
perfect world is that Europe takes over
the
defense. But part of what Europe would
need to do is buy American weapons like
this. And since Ukraine doesn't have
enough humans to um you know to do all
the war fighting uh and it's safer and
more effective to use drones. Every one
of these new inventions, I think, is
just going to end up in Ukraine for at
least testing. So, the US would get to
test all of its new drone related stuff
uh by just throwing it into the war.
Europe might pay for it. So, the the US
essentially would be getting revenue and
free testing without, you know, without
risking American soldiers.
and the war would go on. So, Ukraine
wants to fight
uh if Europe gives them money and the US
provides the hardware that Europe has to
pay for. And we know that we're probably
only, you know, a year away from all war
being all drones all the time because
humans just can't keep up with drones.
It might be the first time we see a full
drone
war. Uh, you know, drones on the ground,
drones in the sea, drones in the air,
and just hardly any, you know, human
Ukrainian soldiers except for the ones
operating the uh
equipment. So, I feel like that's where
things go if we don't get a peace deal.
Speaking of peace deal, um R Secretary
Rubio has said if we don't get one soon,
and it sounds like we're not close, that
uh he's going to stop trying, meaning
Trump will stop trying. Stopping trying,
I think automatically goes to the all
drone um concept. So I think what you're
going to see is the peace deal dying and
then you're going to see the the drone
the first all drone war and that we're
probably just months away from that and
the the Russians will of course try to
keep up. So it will become a drone on
drone war and then it will be Russia's
technology wherever they're getting it
from maybe China versus American
technology and then we see who wins.
It'll be a basically a
technology plus money plus
uh cleverness and it won't be soldiers
dying versus soldiers dying. I think
that's where it's heading. We'll see.
Well, the US says that uh Chinese
satellites, Chinese satellite firm is
helping the Houdis target American
warships. So, uh it's called the Chinese
Changang Satellite Technology Company.
Now, what happens if we're sure that
they're the bad guys and they're helping
the
hoodies? Does that mean we would try to
attack the Chinese satellites?
you know, even though it's a private
company, it's not the government
satellites, but would that be starting
World War II in space with
China, or are we just going to say
um are we just going to say
what? All right. I don't know what that
means. I see it in the comments. Um so,
I worry about this that this could be an
escalation. We'll see.
Um, there's also the story of whether
Trump waved off an Israeli plan to
attack Iran. So, a reporter asked the
question this way of Trump, uh, did you
wave off an Israeli plan to attack
Iran? And Trump says, I wouldn't say
waved off. Uh, I think that Iran has a
chance to have a great country and to
live happily without death, and I'd like
to see that. That's my first option. But
then there's further reports that uh he
wasn't the only one who may have waved
off war, but that Tulsi Gabbard, Pete
Hagsath, Susie Wilds, and JD Vance uh
all worked together to recommend not
going to war or supporting Israel going
to war with
Iran. Now, how much do you like
that? That would if that's what
happened. And of course, you can never
be sure, but if that's what's
happened, that's what we wanted, isn't
it? Didn't we want a block of people who
are really good at doing what they do?
Um, you know, they can be as lethal as
you need them to be, but they're smart
enough to know it doesn't work most of
the time and to be opposed to starting
new wars.
How could Trump ever be Trump if he
starts a
war? If Trump starts a war, then the
best thing about Trump just goes away
forever, which is he doesn't start
wars. It It's bad enough that the Hoodi
situation is happening because that's
pretty much starting war, but you know,
you could explain it away as a special
case. It's not a war. We're just, you
know, trying to keep our shipping safe
or something. But if we were to actively
participate in a major attack on the
Iranian
homeland, I don't think that problem
would ever go away because whatever it
is that Iran has as a reaction to that
probably involves, you know, cyber stuff
probably involves sabotage in the
homeland of, you know, America in which
we're very susceptible to that.
So, a lot would depend on how much Iran
wanted to respond or if they decided
that their best play is to just take the
hit. We don't know.
So I like the fact that our government
is not all on one side saying yes, war,
war, war, but that we have serious
people who are very smart and I I trust
because they have records of, you know,
being on the right side of things. Um,
and Susie Wilds has a great reputation,
etc. And we've seen JD Vance's comments
from the the leaks from the Signal
stuff. We know he's not big on starting
wars.
So I love the fact that there is a
trusted set of
adviserss who are talking to the
president and
saying doesn't make sense. It is not in
our best
interest. I like
that. Uh
so in related uh news uh Hamas has
rejected Israel's ceasefire
proposal. Um, and they they won't they
don't want any kind of temporary pause.
This is what Hamas says. No, we don't
want any temporary pause to give you
back any hostages. Uh, we want uh
everything on the table. So, they want a
permanent ceasefire, full reconstruction
of Gaza, and the release of uh the
Palestinian
prisoners. Uh, in in return is get all
of its hostages back.
Now, let's let me give you some real
world interpretation.
I think that Israel has decided that
it's much better off giving Hamas
nothing, destroying them once and
forever, never giving Gaza back, just
completely owning Gaza, and then
resettling all of the Gaza residents in
in Arab countries or keeping them in
essentially outdoor prison camps for the
rest of their life. and then make the
other the other Arab countries say,
"Hey, you know, if if you're on their
team, why don't you open up your
country? Why why don't you let them live
in your country?" And that would be a
good argument
forever, meaning that the Gaza residents
would be have the worst life
ever. Um, but is that Israel's problem?
And they could certainly make it look
like it was the other Arab countries
hating them so much that they can't even
take them in. And then Israel would say,
"Well, why should we why should we like
them more than you
do?" It would be a strong argument. So,
in my opinion, Israel has a
um close to a free pass to simply
increase the size of Israel in a
strategic way and get rid of their
biggest enemy once and for all.
And the expense of that is the remaining
hostages who are probably most of them
dead or near death uh or in a situation
in which life wouldn't be much of an
upgrade.
So I think maybe Israel is taking the
real world decision that the hostages
they've done what they can do and there
just won't be any new hostages coming.
And Hamas is silly to imagine that
they're going to get reconstruction and
people are going to move back in and and
then Hamas will be back in charge and
they can
reconstitute that. None of that's going
to
happen. And and by the way, uh am I the
only person who told you that a long
time ago? I think I am. I think I'm the
only person who told you they're not
going to reconstitute
Gaza back when everybody thought that
was the obvious likely thing is that war
would go on for a while and then Gaza
would be rebuilt. And and I kept saying
there's no way. No, I Israel is not
going to rebuild Gaza. They're just not
going to let Hamas ever have even one
inch of control of Gaza. it's just never
going to happen. And that I thought that
was always revealed in Israel's uh
statement about what their intention
was. They said on day one, you know,
kind of day one after October 7th, they
said that uh the reality in Gaza would
never be the same. What did that mean to
you? It wasn't just
talk. The reality in Gaza would never be
the same. And then they said that their
ambition was total victory. Well, what
does that mean? Total victory doesn't
mean Hamas
reconstitutes. That wouldn't even be
close to total victory. Total victory
means Hamas is gone and there's no way
they're coming back. And there's no
other way to get it done. You have to
actually just
depopulate Gaza. Now again, if you're
new if you're new to my um program, what
you're not hearing is my
preference because it's not my country.
I'm not Gaza and I'm not Israel. I'm an
American. And so my filter on this um on
the entire conflict is
power. It's not morality and it's not
ethics. I think people like uh comic
Dave Smith will try to put things in the
frame of morality and ethics. And I
think it's good that people try to do
that, but it's not relevant because
nobody's ethics will make any
difference. If I make a really good
argument that Israel should do something
different, it won't matter. They're not
going to do anything different because I
made a clever argument about ethics or
that Dave Smith has a opinion about
ethics and and by the way his his and
other people's opinion about ethics
perfectly valid. I'm glad that people
are having that conversation but it
isn't relevant to anything that will
happen in the real world. So, I just
take a real world view that if the um if
the if Hamas had
power, that would be terrible for Israel
in ways that are almost impossible to
imagine. At the same time, if Israel has
all the power, which largely they do,
things are going to get really bad for
Hamas in ways that are almost impossible
to imagine. And also a lot of people
who maybe were mildly supportive or had
a preference for Hamas and live there,
their lives will be absolutely
horrible. And I don't support it and I
don't oppose it because it's none of my
control. I I have no control and my
opinion has no sway.
So I just observe it and try to predict
it. So all I can do is observe and
predict. If you want to say that it's
unethical and immoral, I agree. And if
the power were reversed, it would be
immoral and unethical in the opposite
direction. So the immoral and unethical
just sort of follows from who has the
power. And right now it's Israel. And it
doesn't look like that's going to change
anytime soon. So that's just the reality
of it. You you don't have to be in favor
of it or opposed to it. It's just what
it is and there's no way it's going to
change.
So anyway, oh, more on that uh Russia
Ukraine thing. When when Rubio says that
we might be done with negotiating if
something doesn't happen pretty quickly,
um he he says in a matter of days they
would know if any deal could
happen. You should always expect that in
a negotiation of that magnitude there
would always be at least one walk away,
you know, where where one side says,
"All right, I'm done. There's no deal to
be had. We're done here." and it's just
part of the
negotiating. So if you think that that's
what Rubio is doing, you might be right
because it would fit the pattern of
Trump negotiating, which is to say, "All
right, we're going to give it our best
shot. Uhoh, looks like looks like we
can't make a deal. You're going to have
to go kill each other for infinity." and
then walk away and then hope that both
sides beg you to come back and then they
get more flexible. I don't think that's
going to happen in this case. So whether
or not it's intended to be part of the
negotiation, the the the backing out, I
don't think there's any backing in
because there's nothing to be had. Um I
think that Russia
prefers continuing fighting. I think
Ukraine prefers it for their own
reasons. And if both sides prefer it,
which seems to be the case, you really
can't expect to get a deal. And that's
what it looks like to me. Two sides just
still want to fight. And I think that uh
especially when it becomes drones versus
drones. Well, then of course they
willing to fight because they won't even
be losing people at that point. So
they're they're heading to toward a
situation in which they're more
incentivized to fight, not less, because
the people part will be removed and
there will be still something that looks
like war
happening. So I'm sure that's what they
want.
Then uh in related news, according to
the European Conservative, I guess
that's a publication,
uh Kiev is nearing a deal on minerals.
So that there would be some Trump
related deal for a mineral thing where
the US and maybe some other countries
would be part of a deal to exploit
minerals and
uh and share the money with uh with
Ukraine. Um I'm going to say I don't
think that deal is going to happen.
So even even though the news is it's
getting close and you know there's been
compromises that make it really close, I
don't believe
it. I I just don't think you can make a
deal with
Ukraine. You know, maybe it's because we
ask for too much. Maybe it's because
they're too weasly and can't be
trusted. Um I just don't think it's
going to happen. Now, I'll root for it
to happen because we would like to get
those minerals. And wouldn't it be good
if we got some money out of Ukraine and
and monetized it? And wouldn't it be
good for Ukraine to also be making some
money that would be hard for them to do
without the international
help? I just don't think that we're
dealing with an entity that can make a
deal.
I just don't think um I don't think we
have what you need to make a deal. I
think there are too many interests, too
many criminals. And I think that
literally the problem in Ukraine is that
the people who would normally skim all
the money off a deal like that may be
seeing that the deal is being structured
so that there's no no corruption
allowed. That would kill the deal.
probably the the uh you know the money
people in
Ukraine just have one business model
which is they skim money off of every
deal. And if they can't find a way to
skim some money off a mineral
deal, they would probably try to kill it
so that later maybe they can do a
mineral deal where they can skim some
money like a lot of money because
there's so much in involved.
Well, that's what I think's happening.
No, no peace deals anywhere.
Um, and drones will be the the war the
preferred war war weapons for a long
time. All right, ladies and gentlemen,
that brings me to the conclusion of my
prepared remarks. I'm going to say some
stuff privately to the uh subscribers on
locals. the rest of you. Thanks for
joining and I will see you again same
time, same place on X and Rumble and
YouTube. All right, locals coming at you
privately