Well, it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams. Uh, usually this is where I tell
you to check your stocks or I check them
for you. Don't do
that. Whatever you do, don't check your
stocks. But, uh, let's get our comments
going
here and we'll be in good shape.
Wow,
[Music]
pow. Good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains, all you
need for that is a copper mug or a glass
of tanker chalice tiny canteen jug or
flask, a vessel of any kind. and fill of
your favorite liquid. I like coffee. And
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine hit of the day.
The thing that makes everything better.
It's called the simultaneous sip. And
guess what? It happens now.
Go. Oh, so good.
Well, before we get into the
politics, let's check on science. Uh, is
there any science that didn't need to be
done? Uh, according to Sai Post of
Vladimir Hedra is writing that there's a
study that shows that men are more
distracted by sexual images than
women. Now, you probably know what I'm
going to say next.
You could have just asked Scott, "Yes,
somebody got
paid to show porn to men and women and
then measure their
response." I feel like giving a a slow
clap standing ovation to whoever whoever
successfully got funding to do this
study. If I were a scientist, I would
spend most of my time trying to figure
out how to do totally studies
that were fun for me. Yeah, it'd be
whatever whatever was my, you know,
favorite thing. I'd be like, h, let's
see. Do do people who read cartoons have
a better day? Do does reading cartoons
uh reduce your
depression? Anyway, next time just ask
me if you want to know who likes sexual
images more, men or women.
Uh let's see. Do we have any backward
science where they got the causation
backwards? I don't know. Let's look at
this one. Uh according to Scypost, Eric
Nolan is writing that uh there's some
new research that links gratitude
development to lower adolescent
depression. So the more gratitude you
develop, the less depression you have is
the suggestion.
But could that be working the other
direction? Because you know what? When
I'm depressed, I don't get depressed
often, but if I got depressed, I don't
think I'd be thinking about
gratitude. But if for some reason I
became less
depressed, I would suddenly think, you
know, I'm grateful for this or that. Do
you think they got the causation right?
I don't know. Maybe, maybe they did. But
uh this is one where I say to myself
could have gone the other
way. Do you remember the news about the
uh tariffs applying to those two islands
that had no people on them, just
penguins? You remember that story? It
turns out there was a good reason for
putting tariffs on the on the penguin
islands. If you didn't hear this story,
it's funny. when when Trump uh put all
of his tariffs on everything, it
included two I guess you'd call them
countries, but they don't have any
people, just penguins. Um, but the
reason is so that uh real countries with
real people can't use the fake countries
as a workaround for the tariffs. In
other words, they can say, "Oh, it's not
coming from my country. It's coming from
the penguin the penguin island. There's
no tariffs on the
penguins. So, actually, it made total
sense. They're just closing a
loophole. Here's an update on a signal
gate. Um, according to the Guardian,
they did an investigation and Mike Walsh
has been cleared. Now, he did make the
mistake, but here's here's what he did
not do. He did not ever intentionally
add Jeffrey Goldberg to his signal
contacts. All right. So, if you're
asking yourself, um, well, you know, I
understand, you know, punching the wrong
[Music]
button, but why in the world would he
have Jeffrey Goldberg's contact in the
first place? And the answer is he didn't
know he had it. And there is an
explanation that makes sense. So, let's
see if I can get this right. So, there
was a uh there was an email that got
forward to the Trump campaign. now, not
to Mike Walsh, but to the campaign. And
then the campaign wanted to get some
extra people's opinions. The email
included Jeffrey Goldberg's contact
information. So, somebody named Brian
Hughes uh copied and pasted the email
from Jeffrey Goldberg into a Signal text
message.
And then Signal helpfully uh thought to
itself, hey, if uh if Mike Walsh is
looking at a message that has Jeffrey
Goldberg's contact information, maybe he
would like to add it to his
contacts. And somehow uh I think it
confused the phone number for Goldberg
or maybe Walstead with Brian Hughes. So,
he thought he was adding Brian Hughes to
his contacts based on a suggestion that
popped up, but he probably just didn't
read the suggestion carefully. And the
suggestion was to add Goldberg's name.
Now, I accept that. That that that
sounds it sounds just weird enough that
that's a real world thing.
So, I I I think that's the end of that
story, actually.
Um, how many of you have seen Jake
Tapper use Tim Walsh as a speed bag on
CNN? Poor Tim Walsh. He is so bad at
interviews and he's just he's so game.
He's out there all the
time. But here's the question that Jake
Tapper asked Tim Walsh on CNN. He he
said, I'm paraphrasing this, but were
the Democrats gaslighting the country
about Biden's health, inflation, and the
border? Imagine being, you know, the
number two person who ran for president
on the Democrat side. And even CNN is
saying essentially accusing him of
gaslighting the country on three of the
biggest issues, the health of the
president, inflation, and the border.
Now, here's how I interpret that. I know
a lot of people are saying that that
Jake Tapper, he's from the Democrats.
Well, he might be I I think he he's
registered independent or something.
But, uh if if I wanted the Democrats to
win, I would spend some time destroying
Tim Walsh just so he didn't accidentally
get nominated because there's no way
that guy could win the presidency.
There's not even the slightest chance he
could be anybody for the presidency. So
maybe that's what's going on. You know,
the destruction of Tim
Walls. Well, Adam Schiff, Senator Schiff
was on Beat the Press and uh he was
talking about all the uh the fake
um protests. Now, I call them fake
protests because we all know at this
point we all know that these are
artificial. It's people who are paid,
it's senior citizens, and it's, you
know, it's crazy people. But basically,
these are inorganic. These are
completely financed and organized by by
dark forces. Um, which we have a good
idea who they are, and they're all just
basically Democrat operatives. So Schiff
is trying to sell all this fake protests
as quote, "The energy you're seeing now
manifest around the country and these
mass demonstrations show that the
Democratic Party is waking
up." Is that what you're seeing? It
doesn't look like that to me. If you
have to pay people to show up, they're
not waking up. They're just cashing a
check.
Uh but here's the thing that I would be
if I were if I were going to talk to uh
Adam Schiff, I would ask him the
following question. I'd say Adam Schiff,
if this is the Democrats waking up,
there's uh some kind of people who were
missing from the protests. H let's take
a look. All right. I see a lot of
middle-aged women
uh and some of them brought their
husbands. Um I saw a lot of senior
citizens.
They seem to be almost entirely white.
Um, but I don't see any young
men. No young men except for, you know,
a couple of crazy ones. And what about
black
Americans? How in the world do you get
that many people in the street who are
Democrats and none of them are
black? That is the question which must
be asked because that what it does is it
reveals that it's artificial.
Um, you know what else it going to be?
And and it's funny that the news still
allows uh people to pretend these are
real. When do you call these protests
the next big uh gaslighting? If you were
Jake Tapper and it's two years from now,
are you gonna say to somebody who's a
guest, were you gaslighting the country,
Adam Schiff, when you said that this was
the energy manifesting as opposed to
obviously paid paid and
organized. So that's the new gaslight.
These are real protests. No, they're
not.
Well, Trump has raised the logging quota
25%. Uh Joel Pollock is writing about
this in Brebart. But there are two
reasons. Uh one is to clear the forest
to make them less forest
fiery, less risk to forest fires. And uh
the other reason is perhaps to get more
lumber so that we can compensate for any
loss of lumber from Canada from the
tariffs etc. But the question I wondered
is how often are those the same thing?
If you're clearing out a forest for the
purpose of fire suppression, are you
getting good wood or are you just
getting all the crap? And so I went to
Grock. Now, I gotta tell you, I use
Grock several times a day now, and I'm
quite impressed and quite happy with it.
Um, when I prepare for the show, there's
always some context that's missing, and
I always want that context, and it's
just write one sentence into Grock and
boom, context. So, here's what Grock
said. Um, some of that some of that wood
that you clear from the forest just for
fire suppression can actually be used
for construction. Depends on the kind of
trees and how big they are. Uh, you
can't do much with the the small
underbrush and there's a lot of
that. But depending on the trees, you
can use them or and if the trees are not
the perfect kind, you can turn them into
plywood or particle board.
Um, but there probably at least two
different reasons why the uh quota went
up. One of them probably is to get good
trees for
construction. Jonathan Turley uh is
talking about the New York Times news
story on Hunter of Biden.
Now, how many of you knew that the
longer Biden is out of office, the more
the, let's say, reputable news sources
would have to confess, yeah, well, there
there were some problems there. Uh,
yeah, we we may have known about a few
things. Um, yeah, Hunter may have done
some bad things. So, the latest is the
New York Times uh ran a story that
when when Biden was vice president that
Hunter was working for Brisma and he
went to the American ambassador to Italy
and tried to get the American ambassador
to Italy to help him get the Italians to
make some kind of an energy deal. Now,
if that's true, and remember this is the
New York Times reporting it, so they're
not exactly, you know, pro-Republican.
Uh, if it's true, then it's inexplicable
why he wasn't prosecuted. Well, it's not
inexplicable.
Obviously, it's because of political
connections, but these are exactly the
kind of crimes that other people were
prosecuted for. Uh, Maniffort, for
example. So, it is a crime. It's a fair
violation to be lobbying on behalf of a
foreign
country.
Um, you can't lobby the United States on
behalf of a foreign country, which is
exactly what he was accused of doing.
Um, unless you're a registered agent,
and he was not a registered
agent. So, will this will that turn into
any kind of charges? I doubt it. I doubt
it. May maybe he's already pre-partoned
for
that. Uh well, there's a report that uh
Trump is planning a big military parade
um to celebrate the army's 250th
birthday. I didn't know armies had
birthdays, but all right. I didn't even
get it anything.
Um and uh the route will be from the
Pentagon to the White House just like
the Gulf War
um parade in
1991.
So here's what's going to be interesting
about a military
parade. The the point of a military
parade is to show how awesome your
military is, right? I mean, you're
you're kind of showing the rest of the
world. That's why Kim Jong-un does it.
It's not for his just for his local
audience. It's to show the world you
have this great
military. But the problem is almost
everything that we're going to highlight
in a military parade would be
obsolete. Uh I saw a post by Naval
Ravakant and he said this I think it was
last night or this morning. He said any
country that can't manufacture drones
will be a vassal state.
The military is just going to be
drones. Everybody, everybody smart, I
think, understands that it's just going
to be drones. If you can't make drones
entirely within your country, or at
least, let's say, with a friendly
neighbor who may have some parts you
need, um, you're not going to be
independent very long because whoever
can make better drones is just going to
own you.
So, it will be a weird kind of parade
because it will be a parade of
essentially obsolete military
equipment, but it'll look impressive,
I'm sure. Well, let's talk about the
stock market. Um, how many times do you
think the stock market has gone down 20%
or more? Just off the top of your head,
in the history of the United States, how
many times has it dropped 20% or
more? According to Grock, the answer is
20
times. How many times did it fail to
come back to even higher
levels? Zero. Every single time it came
back. Now, sometimes it took years. So
it might take five to 10 years, but it
has a 100% record of coming back.
100%. But the uh the thing you need to
know is that not all corrections are the
same. If if the if the reason it went
down is that it was oversold by 50%.
which is probably the.com situation.
It's not going to come back quickly
because all it is is an adjustment until
the stocks are worth what they're
actually worth instead of being over
overpriced wildly. So that's going to
take a while. But let's say you had some
artificial shock from the outside and it
was a temporary shock and one that
didn't involve, you know, resources too
much. So, it wasn't like a shortage of
oil because that caused once.
Um, is the S&P
up? I see somebody posting in the
comments something that looks like the
S&P is up, but I don't know about that.
Um, so we'll we'll check that after the
show, I
guess. So, here's what I think. I think
that the the question of how long it
will take the stocks to come back
because they'll come back but whether it
takes 5 to 10 years or it takes 6 months
or it takes one year um is largely going
to be based on how quickly the whole
tariff situation gets resolved. So let's
talk about that. If the tariff situation
is sort of quickly resolved and let's
say by the summer, you're g you're going
to see the stock market just tearing
back. But there are lots of, you know,
that's not easy. But here's what we
know. I saw a post by Nick Sorder. He
was saying that uh Taiwan has agreed to
drop all tariffs on the US. They're
joining India, Israel, Vietnam, and
Cambodia who also want to have zero
tariffs. Now, here's the trick. If you
want to be the smartest person in the
room, it's not good enough that
countries drop tariffs because they have
other ways to screw us. So, anything
from property um from currency
manipulation to fat taxes to duties to,
you know, various restrictions. So some
of these offers are kind of fake,
meaning that they're not really offering
anything because they have other ways
to, you know, kind of nickel and dime
us. So these are negotiations. These are
not um even if somebody says we want to
go to zero tariffs, that's the beginning
of the negotiation. That that's not the
end of the negotiation. So we're closer
to the beginning than the end, but that
was positive. So over 50 countries have
allegedly called to negotiate with
Trump. That might be an exaggeration,
but I'll bet it's in that range. And
here's here's something that mattered to
me a lot. I've mentioned this before
number of times, but the top banker in
the country in my opinion would be Jaime
Diamond. So if Jaime Diamond says
something, you should listen. not only
because he has a long track record of
being, you know, wise and somewhat
non-political. So, he he's just sort of
calling it like he sees it. Um, he said
uh that he says the tariff policy issue
should be resolved
quickly. That's the head banker of the
country who again is not Republican,
Democrat. He might be Democrat, but he's
he's famously and I appreciate it. Um,
he's non-political. He's a little bit
political on DEI stuff, but I'm just
assuming he has a daughter that cares
about him. I don't know if that's his
actual opinion, but uh when he's talking
about economic stuff, he's one of the
people you want to listen to. So, if JB
Diamond says, "Yeah, this will be fine.
We'll just work out this tariff stuff
pretty quickly." That is a really good
signal to the market because he's not
crazy. He's not lying. That's almost
certainly his real opinion. And there
are very few people who would have the,
you know, complete understanding of the
economy to say that this is going to
resolve
quickly. Well, here's what uh Trump is
crowing about today on True Social. He
said oil prices are down, interest rates
are down. Um I guess apparently the Fed
is meeting today.
uh which means uh I don't think it's a
decision about interest rates today, but
uh it seems like everything is set for
them to lower interest rates. We'll see
that that will be the biggest deal if
they do. Trump says food prices is down.
There's no inflation. I don't know about
no inflation. Uh and the longtime abused
USA is bringing billions of dollars a
week from the abusing
countries. the abusing countries from
the tariffs already in place. Um, and
then he's saying that China is the
biggest abuser at all. And he says their
markets are
crashing, which is apparently true. Uh,
not crashing as much as ours, but the
Hong Kong Hong Kong market seems to be
down, I don't know, 13% last time I
checked. That would have changed by now.
And the currency is having a problem
over there in China.
And uh so China will be the
last country to
negotiate. Um just because I I think
China would be perfectly happy if uh
they can force Trump out of office by
not negotiating and not selling Tik Tok.
So they may have a they may have a
different game whereas uh stocks are up.
I'll be down.
Um, so let's see what else is going. Um,
then Trump also says he's not willing to
make a deal with China unless the trade
deficit is solved. Now there's a
trillion dollar, I guess, annual trade
deficit with China. And he says that
that has to be solved. It's not good
enough just to negotiate
um, wow, China is down. it is not good
enough to negotiate just the tariffs.
Um, we need to make sure that we don't
have the trade deficit. Now, the only
way you could do that,
um, I'll take a fact check on this, is
if China moved production to the United
States, but is that going to happen? So,
can you really get China's trade deficit
of a trillion dollars down? I don't
know. Maybe. Uh, I don't know how you
could do it, but maybe I I guess I'm
open to hearing the argument for that,
what that would look
like. Well, Australia has uh contacted
the US. They want to start negotiations
um because they they obviously are
getting hit pretty hard. The European
Union says uh we're we're ready to
negotiate with the US on tariffs.
Japan's prime minister just said, uh, we
need to propose ideas about how we can
together create jobs in the United
States and contribute to their economy.
Now, Japan really knows how to be an
ally, don't
they? Have we ever had a better ally
than Japan? Now, I suppose the fact that
they depend on us for, you know,
military protection
um is a big part of this, but this is
exactly what I want to hear. It's it's
almost better than what I expected that
that they want to work hard to come up
with ideas about how to create jobs in
the United States and contribute to our
economy. Good. So I guess that would
mean more other countries manufacturing
over
here to avoid tariffs.
Um do you remember uh France's uh
Mcronone? He he had suggested that uh
the French companies stop doing business
with the United
States. And I thought to myself, what
can French companies really
stop doing business with the United
States? Is that even a thing? And
apparently uh the big French companies
just told him to stuff it up his ass
because they're not there's no way that
there's no way that he can that uh the
Mcronone can tell them where they should
invest and they're definitely going to
invest in the United States. A lot of
them have, you know, gigantic entities.
Why Why am I seeing so many
numbers? There's a whole bunch of
numbers in the comments, but they're all
over the
place. What do the numbers refer
to? Because a whole bunch of you are
very insistent
on saying something with
numbers.
Wait, what's
this breaking? Trump considering a pause
to tariffs for 90 days excluding China.
The market explodes green in
celebration.
Ah, a pause in tariffs. Well, the pause
and tariffs, well, that was my very next
thing that
uh investor fin what would you call him?
Investor Bill Aman.
um he had suggested a 90-day
pause. Now, a 90-day pause makes perfect
sense if the companies are willing to
negotiate or the countries are willing
to negotiate. And given this, so many
have shown a willingness to
negotiate, you should expect that uh 90
days would be completely sane. So, good.
Um yeah, then I heard there's a there's
a little bit of a push back between Bill
Aman and Lutnik, you know, u Lutnik on
the Trump administration, because Aman
thinks that Lutnik is long bonds,
meaning that he owns bonds in his
investment company, I guess. And if you
own bonds, then the stock market going
down is good for you because people will
take their money and put it in bonds and
that drives the price up. So, I don't
know if that's has anything to do with
what Latinx's up to, but uh everybody
who's rich has all these conflicts of
interest. There's just no way for a rich
person to do anything without a conflict
of interest because they're just too
connected to too many
things. Um, in related news,
uh, China is getting
dumber according to a user, uh,
KMU. Uh, the S&P is up
three. Oh, what is
it? It looks like the Dow is up
800. Aman apologized. Oh, Bill Aman
apologized about the bond thing. Okay,
that's
good. Yeah. Uh the if the pause in the
tariffs makes the stock market shoot up,
that's telling you that it was never
going to be
permanent. Well, not not 100% for sure,
but it does indicate that this was not a
permanent structural problem, but rather
just something we had to bang our way
through. And the 90-day pause is a
very a very positive sign that the US
and the other countries are taking it
very seriously and they're going to bang
their way through. So good. Anyway,
getting back to uh Greu, uh he said a
friend of his made a graph that he
showed on X. Uh the graph shows that the
fertility rate in China uh is much
higher in the provinces with the lowest
IQ.
So the the smartest people in China um
this is obviously not 100%. But uh a lot
of the smart people end up in the cities
because that's where the good jobs are.
But it's also expensive to live and
expensive to have a kid and it's um in
their system it's hard to find somebody
to marry unless they live in your city.
So the smartest people have been
compressed into the cities and put in a
situation where having children isn't
such a great deal economically. Whereas
if you're living in a rural area, having
some kids to help you farm might be just
a plus.
So the net
effect is that China is getting dumber
really
fast because the the low IQ people are
uh apparently very
fertile. Uh in other news, uh Iran uh
has counter offered. Now Iran, we're not
talking about tariffs in this case. Iran
is talking about uh war because I think
there's a May deadline from Trump
to uh the May deadline for uh Iran to
essentially becomes sane or else what
Trump says he's just going to bomb them.
Um they've decided that they uh they're
going to talk to us indirectly through
Oman. Um but
uh and then separately Reuters is
reporting that Iranbacked militias in
Iraq are ready to disarm to avert
Trump's wrath.
I don't know if these are important
militias or just maybe some small
militia that wasn't getting funded by
Iran anymore. So, I'm not sure the
militias are telling you much. And and I
don't think that Iran is serious about
negotiating. I think they're just
stalling. I think the the longer they
drag it out, the happier they are. So, I
don't see any hope that that's going to
go anywhere. Um, this is interesting.
And apparently the US has gone hard
against the Sinaloa cartel and
sanctioned six individuals and seven
entities. Entities being companies. Um
there were basically fake
um money laundering companies so that
they could money launder their their
illegal
gains. Um this is according to Gateway
Hispanic.
Now, here's my question about that. How
hard was it for the United States to
find how the Sinaloa cartel was
laundering its money? Doesn't that feel
like the sort of thing we should have
already known? And does that indicate
that the Biden administration just
wasn't even doing
anything? or or was there some magic
process that the Trump administration
applied that they could find these money
laundering individuals
um
quickly? I don't know. Yeah. So, the uh
the cartel CIA connection may be part of
that story, but apparently Trump's not
worried about that because he just said,
"We're going after your money." And uh
probably probably they know how. So
that's
good. Well, do you remember that group
called uh Garm GM? It was that big group
of people who uh tried to organize all
the companies that advertised so that
they had this powerful advertiser cartel
and they could tell um they could tell X
or anybody else what to do or they could
say we're not going to be advertising on
X and then all the companies of Garm
would say all right we're not we're not
on X. Well, Mastercard, which was one of
the Garm people, they according to
reclaim the net, DD Rankovich,
uh they've decided to pull out. Now,
it's just one company, but their reasons
were that they
uh they're taking steps to quote
distance itself from that chapter in its
corporate history. In other words, they
were
embarrassed. Now, that's exactly the
right response. Mastercard should have
been embarrassed that they were a
anti-free speech um contributor. You
know, by being part of Garm, they were
part of the badness and there was no
reason for it. So, that's a positive
sign moving in the right direction.
uh you know the uh deepseek
uh AI that China came up with that was
lower cost but seemingly almost as good
as the American models that were much
more
expensive. Um well apparently the next
thing that's coming from Deep Seek is uh
self-improving models. Now, they're not
self-improving yet, but apparently
there's a, you know, working paper that
shows that's what's coming. And what
that means is that the AI will um use
some kind of a judge
system to to try to learn things and
then judge whether it's learning the
right things. And so, this is the next
big thing in AI is AI that can improve
on its own.
Now, here's what former Google CEO Eric
Schmidt said about that. Uh, he argued
that we might need a kill switch for
such systems. When the systems can
self-improve, we need to seriously think
about unplugging
it. Um, and I understand that because if
it's if the AI is improving on its own,
you don't know what you're getting and
it might improve too fast. But I don't
think that's going to apply to these
LLMs. My guess is that the
self-improving models that you have to
worry about would be a future technology
that we don't yet have. Um, I think the
large language models are just sort of
lossy and buggy. So probably all this
will do is, you know, fill in some
cracks and make them less buggy and a
little more more reliable. So, I'm not
I'm not worried about this particular
iteration, you know, destroying all of
humankind. Here's a uh story that seems
small, but it might be
big. Uh according to interesting
engineering, there's a hydro
sponge that's been
invented. And you you may say to
yourself, what's a hydro sponge, Scott?
Well, it's a sponge that's made out of
special materials that are apparently
not that rare. So, no rare earth
materials needed. And they can make this
sponge and they can just put it outdoors
and even if it's kind of dry, if it's a
dry area, no clouds, it can absorb
moisture and it does it without any
electricity. Now, the
catch, this has been invented before,
but the catch is you would still need
electricity to release the water once it
gets in the sponge, but apparently
they've invented one that's for requires
so much less energy to release the water
that the sun would do it. So, you could
just put this sponge outdoors, it would
suck up water, and then the sun would
warm it enough to release the water.
It's a zero energy, at least man-made
energy, a zero man-made energy to create
fresh water out of
air. Now, if this thing actually
works, this is completely
transformative. I mean, it would be one
of the biggest technologies in the
history of humankind because it would
end water
shortages wherever you had these
sponges.
So, I just hope they don't put them in
the ocean because it'll dry up the
ocean. No, just kidding. It won't dry up
the
ocean. All right, those are the big
stories of the day. I would like to give
you a product
review. Um, did you ever try to buy buy
a blanket? You know, not for your bed,
but let's say just a, you know, nice
blanket that's soft. And did you notice
that some blankets are not the same on
both sides?
Like some blankets will be have this
nice fuzzy comfortable side, but then
the other side is just kind of weirdly
smooth and it's like a half
blanket. Don't ever buy a half blanket.
It's ridiculous. If your blanket doesn't
feel soft and fluffy on both sides,
that's a that's a throwaway blanket. You
just put that right in the garbage
because it's going to make you mad every
time you pick it up.
So that that's my recommendation. Never
buy a blanket that's different on one
side. All
right, that's all I got for you today.
Um, and uh I'm going to talk to the uh
locals people
privately and we'll catch up on what's
happening in markets. It's like the
markets are jumping all
around because, you know, most people
just don't even
understand any of it. I I've been seeing
some of the worst takes on
markets, especially the the odds of the
market coming back. I don't think people
understand anything about tariffs or
markets or anything. So, you know, maybe
there are people like Scott Bent and
Peter Navaro who understand enough to
know what's going on. Jamie Diamond
would be another. But I see a lot of
journalists writing about the the end of
the United States because the stock
market went down for a
week. Doesn't look like that to me. To
me, it looks like it's temporary. And
uh the the the other thing that makes me
uh makes me curious about how things
come out is I I remember seeing an
interview with um I think it was Barbara
Cochran. She's a real estate investor
type uh who used to work with
Trump.
Um, now when I say work with him, I
think meaning she was, you know, on some
of the same deals. And she said that he
was the greatest salesman that she had
ever witnessed in her life. Like just
crazy good at selling. Now, that was in
the context of selling real estate deals
and making deals. Now, what you're
seeing is Trump selling something that's
really hard to sell, which is I'm going
to make your stocks go down, but in the
long run with through negotiation, it's
going to be way way better. That's a
really tough cell. I think it was Mike
Cernovich who pointed out that uh you
need a secondterm president who is not
afraid of getting reelected and who just
has balls of steel because the things
that the United States needs to
do are are hard and they're going to be
a little bit painful and it's very much
a dad energy that you're just going to
have to do the hard thing to get to the
good thing and if you don't do the hard
thing you might be out of business.
So watching Trump sell this is kind of
exciting because it's the biggest sale
of his life. Maybe even bigger than
getting elected. You know, you'd think
that would be the biggest, but this
probably has more
consequence. So it's the biggest sale of
all time with the best salesperson of
all
time. And it does feel like he's turning
the ship.
And what you look for is he's going to
he's going to play up any, you know, any
kind of activity that's on his side. So,
every time there's a country that calls
and wants to negotiate, he's going to
tell you things are going great. He's
going to tell you how good things are
going to be when we get it all worked
out. He's going to tell you how bad
these countries have been treating us.
And he's really good at it. He is really
good at it.
Um, so it's sort of him against the
world. You know, it probably
uh maybe
98% of the entire planet would have
said, don't get into a trade
war. And Trump said, I can sell a trade
war. And now he's selling it. Now he
hasn't sold it to everybody. And if if
you're depending on your stocks for your
retirement, etc., you're pretty
panicked, but he never promised you it
would be easy. He just promised you it
was necessary and we could get to a
better place. I still think that's
probably true. You know, the future is
unpredictable.
But if I had to look at just where we
are at the moment and then look at the
skills of the people involved, the only
one that's the only one that's sort of
uh up in the air I think is
China. And I'm not so sure that China is
stable or unstable because I'm seeing
I'm seeing both. You know, sometimes
people say China is like, you know, a
little island and essentially like an
island and that they can just survive
longer than we can so they can hold out
and, you know, they have all the
advantages. But then other people are
saying that China is literally failing
and their economy is falling apart.
um who said the other day that China is
a
savingsbased economy and that they do a
lot of construction to pretend like
they're they're doing a lot of great
stuff, but they're building stuff that
they don't need and nobody wants. One of
one of the examples was uh they have
these really impressive indoor
malls but there aren't many people
shopping despite you know China having a
lot of people. There are not many people
shopping because they are more into
saving and they just go there because
the air is cleaner and and they have air
conditioning. So apparently going to the
mall is just someplace you go so you're
not outdoors and you're not in your
home. And you know we've got more of a
consumer economy. They've got more of a
savings economy. And uh we'll we'll see
if that gives them some extra superpower
to outlast
us. All
right. All right, ladies and gentlemen,
that's all I have for today. I'm going
to talk to the uh locals people
privately. Thanks for joining on Rumble
and YouTube and X and uh locals coming
at you privately right now.