to his
show. I think you'll like
it. Come on in. Stream on in.
[Music]
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization. Probably the best time
you'll ever have. But if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains. All you need
for that is a cup mug or a glass of
tanker to stay in a canteen jug or flask
a vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparallel player. The
dopamine hit of the day. The thing that
makes everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip and it happens now.
Go. Well, I
wonder if there's any new science saying
that coffee is good for you. Oh, yes,
there is. According to Sai Post, coffee
is associated with lower risk of
depression and anxiety.
Do you feel uh less depressed and less
anxious after that sip? You should. You
should. You're in good shape
now. Well, here's some science that
didn't need to happen. According to
Gilmore Health
News, Gilmore Health News, when people
like each other, they respond faster in
conversation, according to a study. How
many didn't know that? You ever hear a
conversation where somebody's like blah
blah blah and then there's a long pause
then somebody's like blah blah blah you
think they're not really connecting but
if you see uh two people who are just
practically talking over each other blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah they almost always like each
other unless they're fighting when
they're doing it I suppose so yes you
could have just asked me the faster
people
respond the more they like you true
story. There's a uh I don't know if it's
a group or the name of the city um
called PRAIS that raised half a billion
dollars to build their own cyber city
operating independent of any other
country. So there's somebody named
Dryden Brown
u who thinks we're on the uh the
precipice of a brave new world. So he's
a 29year-old and he wants to build a
futuristic new city. Uh, but the part
that I was impressed with is his name.
Imagine having a last name Brown and
your parents name you
Dryden. He's actually Dry and
Brown. You know who else is Dryden
Brown? We'll get to it. Um, but uh, so
he's going to build his own little
independent city. I don't I don't know
where are they going to put it, though.
who would give up their own land so that
you could build an independent city on
their country? I don't know. You have to
find an island or something. I
guess according to the Associated Press,
there were some border inspectors on our
southern border who were taking
bribes to wave traffickers
in. How unsurprised are you that some of
our border security were taking
bribes? Wouldn't it be more surprising
if they
didn't? That would be the most obvious
the most obvious people you'd ever want
to
bribe. All right. Well, speaking of Dry
and Brown, James Carville has resurfaced
and according to Fox News, uh he's
warning he warned on Friday that uh the
people who cooperate with Trump's
administration may be treated the way
Nazi collaborators were at the end of
World War II.
Now, what a piece of crap that man is.
That That's one of the worst things I've
ever seen because he's he's doing the
making you think past the sale thing.
So, the sale is that um Trump is a
Nazi. The thinking past the sale is that
how will they be treated?
um if you're supporting a
Nazi that is first of all clever
persuasion but it's evil that is pure
evil and uh that is a call for
violence how could you say this is
anything else but a call to violence I
think you should go to jail if you say
stuff like this because you're you're
really Isn't there a law that says if
you incite violence in a really direct
way you know not an indirect way but If
you do it really
directly, isn't that
illegal? And it seems to me that
labeling people Nazi collaborators and
talking about how they would be
treated, that seems to me exactly like a
crime. But what do I know? Well, if you
haven't seen this clip, you ought to
watch Sam Harris. He's got a video, at
least it's on X, uh, in which he's
talking about Joe
Rogan. And boy does he have a problem
with Joe
Rogan. He he thinks that Joe Rogan's a
good person, but that he's quote way in
he's in way over his head on so many
topics. This is according to Sam Harris.
And then he then he slams Dave Smith,
who he calls a pure misinformation
artist and not an expert on the Middle
East.
And and then he says, Sam era says, "Our
society is as politically shattered as
it is in part because of how Joe Rogan
has interacted with
information."
Really? Is is the state of modern
society in the United States somewhat or
even largely because of how Joe Rogan
talks to his
guests? That feels pretty crazy.
But you should see his uh you should see
Sam Harris's
global.
Globula. G L A B E L L A. That that's
those little lines between your
eyebrows. Oh my god. You have to see it.
He looks so
insane. His his little eyebrows are like
so scrunched up. It It looks like the,
you know, cat's It just happens
to be right in the middle of his face.
I've never seen so much scrunched up um
mental illness looking it looks like
mental illness. Um but wow. Now I will
agree with one
thing. I've said the same thing myself
which is that um the podcaster having
one guest and it's not not just Joe
Rogan. If you only have one
guest, you have the uh the documentary
effect, which is there's nobody there to
say that the guest is wrong. And then
you go away thinking, "Wow, I just
listened to three hours of this person
talking about, you know, aliens in his
backyard. That must be true."
So, I do agree that sometimes you need
some kind of a comment system or
something to uh kind of fact check the
uh the podcast. That would be
good. Hollywood actor Terren Howard is
uh having some fun here. He revealed on
the PBD um podcast that uh every
celebrity that attended Diddy's parties
got um sexed up by
men, which he calls losing their man
card. Now, he even lists the people he
says got sexed up by men. uh he he uses
the f word, but uh he said that includes
LeBron James, Barack Obama, Jay-Z, and
many other prominent Diddy party
attendees. Do you believe that? Do you
believe that every single famous person
who went to a Diddy party bent over and
got taken and then their their
psychology was destroyed and they
became, I don't know, slaves to Diddy or
something?
Definitely some of them. But I don't
know who I don't know who tells LeBron
James what he has to
do. I have a hard time imagining LeBron
James, you know, being
co-opted. Maybe anything's possible, but
I'm not going to automatically believe
this
one. Um, but it's provocative.
Well, you might know that Saturday there
were these nationwide protests against
Trump and uh against Musk, I guess. And
let's see, there were uh it was called
the Handsoff Rallies, and there were a
thousand cities involved, all 50 states,
and nearly 400,000 people signed up to
attend. How many of them were
organic? None. Did you see the
interviews and the video of the people?
It looked like they cleaned out the the
senior centers. It was just a bunch of
broken down senior citizens with signs
and they didn't even know why they were
there. They didn't even know who they
were. I mean, I'm not even sure they
knew their own
names.
Fascism. So, that was very non-organic
looking.
But do you remember uh the story that
Mike Benz found that Norm Eisen, who is
one of the lawfare lawyers against
Trump, um probably the main one, he's
probably the most prominent one, um that
it was revealed that John Roberts, the
head of the Supreme Court, uh had spent
a few weeks with him when he was um when
when Eisen was uh He was a diplomat. Um,
I guess he was the ambassador to the
Czech Republic. And when I heard that, I
said, "Oh my god, if if those two guys
are spending time together, that's not a
comfortable thing to hear." But it's way
worse than that. I found out. It turns
out that Norm Eisen said that John
Roberts was his college friend. So even
long before John Roberts was in the
Supreme Court, uh he was tight with Norm
Eisen. Now what would you expect to see
if we were involved in a color
revolution? Now if not everybody knows
what that is. A color revolution is how
you um essentially overthrow a country
and it's the way the United States has
overthrown dozens of different
countries. So what you do is you um
usually they're opposing a populist
leader. So that's who gets overthrown,
the populace. Uh you create a bunch of
fake street protests that are not
organic
whatsoever. Um you take control of the
courts, so you bribe and otherwise cajol
until till the judges are going to do
what you want. You get control of the
prosecutors and the attorney generals
because that's who can put people in
jail. And then you do a lot of lawfare,
a lot of suing and stuff like that. And
then you control the media. Uh, and not
just control it, you put a bunch of fake
news, you know, rumors into the media so
that it all comes together and then you
pretend that it was all organic.
Now, so that's what a color revolution
looks like. So now we know that Norm
Eisen, the primary person who at least
Mike Ben says is uh was driving a lot of
our foreign or at least some of our
foreign color
revolutions
and he is good friends
with the head of the Supreme Court.
Now, have you noticed that John Roberts
sometimes disagrees with the so-called
conservatives on the court? And he's
more likely to disagree than anybody on
the
court. Who saw that
coming? So, that's a little sketchy,
isn't it? That the guy who is good
friends with Norm Eisen is also the guy
who doesn't agree with what you would
imagine would be his his team, the
Conservatives. I mean, there's no reason
he has to vote with the Conservatives,
but he's broken ranks more than the rest
of them, so that's a that's a tell. Um,
and then, of course, Trump is a populist
leader, so that's exactly the kind of
ones they target. Uh, the street
protests are massive and completely
fake, meaning that they're just paying
people and shipping in, you know, old
old stirs and giving them signs.
Then you've got uh courts that are sort
of out of control. You know, those uh
individual liberal judges that are
trying to shut down Trump. Um no matter
where the judge is, anywhere in the
country, they can just shop for one that
will say, "Yes, Trump must be stopped
everywhere in the country." So that
sounds sketchy. Then of course the
control of the prosecutors and the
attorney generals. That's what Soros has
been doing for years. He's he's been
getting his Soros prosecutors in there
so they can put people like Trump in
jail, which they tried very hard to do
and got pretty close. And then the
lawfare, you know, you've seen the
lawfare for yourself. So that's real.
And then the media control and the fake
news. Um that's what people like
Carville are doing. So Carville is now
starting the
um Carville is starting the Nazi
collaborator frame. These are the worst
people in the entire world. These are
really bad
people. And I don't know if they think
they're doing the right thing, but
they're definitely not doing the right
thing as far as I can tell.
So yeah, we're in the middle of a color
revolution that in every way in every
way checks every box. Do you think any
of that's a
coincidence? Not a chance. Not a chance.
We are in the middle of an overthrow of
the country and uh I I would argue we
were in Trump's first term as well, but
he came back. Meanwhile, Senator Chuck
Grassley is trying to do something about
this.
uh these rogue judges who do these
nationwide injunctions I was just
talking about. But he's uh he's got
exactly zero Democrats who agree with
him. So I don't think that's going to
happen. Republicans like it, of course,
but uh at least it's something. I mean,
at least he's taking a run at it. I
don't think he has a
chance. The Mike Netter was uh posting
today. There's a new USC study of
California gas prices that found that uh
the reason California gas is more
expensive and it's about twice as much
as the rest of the country. Did you know
that our gas is roughly twice as much as
let's say Florida? Um but the reason is
um it's all
self-inflicted. So that's the uh that's
the result of the study. So it's all
it's all because of stuff like uh and
it's not because of price gouging which
you know Newsome wants to believe. It's
because of a litany quote a litany of
regulation taxes fees and other
costs.
So California doing a good job of
destroying the state. Let's see what
else are they doing. According to Just
the
News, there's this gigantic Los Angeles
homeless mega agency, you know, one of
these well-funded agencies to help the
the homeless. Um, and they, you'll be
surprised to know that they failed two
recent audits in recent months. Huh. And
the CEO was found to have quote
inadvertently signed millions of dollars
of contracts to the nonprofit her
husband works at.
Do do you think she
inadvertently signed millions of dollars
of contracts to the nonprofit that her
husband works
at? Now, what have we been teaching you
ever since we found out about USA ID and
all the
NOS's? This is the way Democrats are
robbing the country. They they give some
nonuditable charity. This sounds good on
paper, like, oh, we're going to help the
homeless. and then they just give it out
to suborganizations. They usually have
family members or spouses there and it's
just total money laundering. It's just
crime. So, I wonder why the homeless
problem hasn't gotten any better in
California. Well, there you go.
Um, according to the Daily Mail, and I'm
not believing this actually, uh, Trump's
approval rating rose this week, even in
the middle of the tariffs and the trade
war, and that it's at the highest it's
been. I don't believe that. And I think
there was another study somewhere else
that said it was down. And I don't
believe that one either. I I think all
the Trump popularity polls are either
proTrump or anti-Trump. And you know,
they might be a little might be a little
rigged at this point. I don't
know. But I don't believe that Trump's
popularity is an all-time high in the
middle of the tariff thing. That seems
pretty
unlikely. Apparently, Elon Musk has said
that he'd like to see uh Europe and the
US have what he calls a free trade zone,
which would be no tariffs at all.
And I was a little unclear whether this
disagrees with Trump or not because I
think Trump also wanted no tariffs. Um
but is Musk saying anything that Trump
would disagree with or is he maybe
getting ahead of him? You know, because
there's some negotiations that haven't
happened yet. I know. But I guess I
agree with uh with Musk that wouldn't it
be good just have a you know zero tariff
zone. Speaking of tariffs, remember how
Israel was the uh so quick to say, "Hey,
we'll drop all of our tariffs and uh I
found out a little bit more about
that." So Israel is so clever, they
dropped the tariffs that don't exist. So
there basically weren't any tariffs. So
they they didn't drop anything. Um but
uh here's why things are expensive in
Israel. I say long thread by Saul Sadka
where he describes it this way. Did you
know that um the food prices in Israel
are about 50% more expensive than you
know comparable places? 50% more. Do you
think that's because of tariffs? Nope.
Nope. Do you think it's because of, you
know, trade wars? Nope. Nope. It's
because the lobbyists for the um
domestic food companies have such a
control over the government that they
just um make it illegal. And they've got
lots of tricks for doing that. They make
it illegal for people to sell stuff from
other countries. Now when I say illegal,
I don't mean exactly illegal, but let me
give you one example. So one example was
there was a uh a ketchup company in
Israel who got some kind of a law passed
or regulation, I don't know what it was,
in Israel that would mean Hines Ketchup
did not qualify as ketchup. So, in other
words, they got the government to define
what ketchup is, and it just happened to
be a definition that the local company
uh satisfied. So, then uh Hines would
have to change the name of what they do
to tomato
seasoning. If you went into the store
looking for ketchup and you saw the Hind
was labeled tomato seasoning and the
local Israeli company was labeled
ketchup and you were looking for
ketchup. Which one would you buy? So
apparently they have, you know, an
infinite number of those little tricks.
So the the food industry in Israel is
just completely corrupt. um you know
maybe as corrupt as let's say our big
pharma and uh the things in it. So it's
not like a unique it's not a unique
problem in Israel but the food companies
are just running the show. Now I can
tell you from my brief experience in the
food industry in the United States the
food industry in the United States is
really corrupt. Uh I can't tell you all
the things that I learned but oh my god
it it's almost just a criminal
organization. the food companies in the
US. So, not too surprised. It's like
that in Israel. All right, I'm going to
make a prediction that you want to hear.
You probably already heard that the
NASDAQ is down 20%. So, that would be,
you know, big a big drop. Um, the other
exchanges
are not not down 20%, but they might be.
Now, here's what I think is going to
happen. I'm going to give you the
persuasion psychology take on this. This
is not investment
advice. Whatever you do, do not see this
as investment advice, but it is a
prediction. And the prediction goes like
this. The reason the stock market's down
is that so many people don't know what's
going to happen and and they're just
taking money off the table. They don't
want to risk it. But as soon as you, you
know, know what's happening, you know,
things will go up. But here's why 20% is
a magic number. In in my life, I've seen
stock markets go down 20% several times.
Um, two or
three. And so I think in our minds, at
least the people who, you know, invest,
in our minds, we think that a 20% drop
is sort of as far as it goes. And the
reason is that when it goes down 20% and
there's nothing organically broken, it's
just
uncertainty. That that's when people say
20%. I've seen this before. Whenever it
goes down 20%, that's pretty close to
the bottom. So you're going to see
people, I think, piling in when it
reaches 20%.
So the the persuasion tip here is that
there's just something about big round
numbers that people respond to. Um we
know it's not 10%. Because we you know
blow we blow past 10% more regularly.
But at 20% the people who have spent a
lot of time investing just started
saying to themselves hm if you were to b
if you had bought a stock every time the
stock market went down 20% and let's say
you just bought the index you didn't buy
individual stocks how would you have
done if every time every time it went
down 20% and you bought stock how would
you have done and the answer is you
would have killed it you would have
actually just killed it. So, you know, I
I bought a stock at the bottom of the
pandemic. Same thing. You know, as soon
as I see anything around 20%, I'm like,
"Oh, 20%. That's probably as far as it's
going to go." So, my prediction is that
the other exchanges, uh, you know, the
NASDAQ's already there. It might go a
little lower, but I think the other ones
will flirt with
20% and that will be the bottom. I I
think that's what the bottom will be.
But don't make any decisions based on
that. Now, you know, um I'm
pro-Trump um and you know that I would
like to see him
succeed, but he's in a real bind at the
moment like I've never seen in my life.
Let me just tell you some of the
problems that Trump is going to have
between now and the midterms. I think
the midterms might get ugly. So, number
one, the sale of Tik Tok looks like
China is going to just yank Trump
around. So, I don't think he's going to
have necessarily a success selling Tik
Tok. I don't
think China is going to capitulate on
trade. I think most of the other
countries might, but I think China has a
a second game. One of them is making
money, but I think China would also like
to get Trump out of office. So, if they
don't cooperate and they just take a hit
between now and the
midterms, that's going to be pretty
devastating for Trump. So, I think that
China will not reach an agreement. I
think they will not sell Tik Tok and
that the reason will be it's bad for
Trump and they they want to take him
out. I think that Russia and Ukraine
don't really have interest in peace. So
people like me had been saying for a
long time they both want peace. You
know, we just have to come up with a
deal that they can say yes to. At the
moment it doesn't look like Putin wants
peace and it doesn't look like Ukraine
does. So I don't think that by the
midterms there's going to be a Ukraine
peace deal and that's going to look
ugly.
Um, what about Iran? So, Iran has has
said that if Trump bombs them because of
their nuclear program and all their
adventurism that uh there'll be a major
war and we're going to pay for it. I
don't know if Trump's going to bomb
Iran. Probably not, but he
might. But if he bombs Iran, it's not
going to solve anything. It'll probably
make it worse. and if he doesn't bomb
Iran, it will just get worse. So, there
are two things that Iran could do to
Trump and they both are getting worse.
So, that's not going to look good. And
then because the tariffs take a while to
work,
um I think the bad guys, the Democrats
will be able to tell the story that, you
know, those tariffs didn't work because,
you know, the economy has not zoomed
back yet. And that's going to be really
close to the
midterms. So the midterms, Trump's going
to go in there with no sale of Tik Tok,
no China deal, no Ukraine Russia deal,
no Iran deal, and tariffs that the other
side say didn't
work. I don't know how you do well in
that
situation. And that would mean that the
uh Congress would be no longer
um controlled by Republicans. Now, am I
wrong? Am I being too negative? Because
remember, I I'm proTrump. I want I want
him to solve all these things. And at
one point, I thought he could. But I
don't think he can do it before the
midterms. So, you know, in the long long
run, you know, maybe in by the fourth
year of his term, he he could have it
all wrapped up. It's possible. But
midterms are going to be ugly. So, get
ready for that. Here's something I
didn't expect. Um UK Prime Minister
Starmer
um is that he's going to announce on
Monday that globalization has failed in
his current form and that he's going to
do more things that are um basically UK
first. So Starmer is becoming a junior
Trump. He he he's going to reject
globalism and he's going to embrace
doing what's good for the
UK. I did not see that coming. Did not
see that
coming. Um but that's what's happening.
All right, ladies and gentlemen. I'm
feeling terrible today. So, I'm going to
make this very short and
uh let you go back to your Sunday. So,
how short was it? That's pretty short.
Half an hour.
I'm going to say a few words to the uh
locals people, but the rest of you have
a terrific day. News is kind of not that
interesting today anyway. And uh I'll
see you tomorrow. Same time, same
place. All
right, locals coming at you.