Quick look at the
stocks. Oh no. Well, I wish I hadn't
taken a quick look at the stocks, but
I'm sure it'll be better. It'll go back
up. Don't worry about
it. Let me get my comments all set up
here, and then we can give you the show
you
deserve, even if you've been
[Music]
bad. Why is my light off?
That's
better. That's
better. Let's get everything
working. It's all working now. All
right.
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization and
skull and coffee with Scott Adams.
You've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains. All
you need for that is a copper mug or a
glass of a tank of chelstein a canteen
jug or flask of vessel of any kind. Fill
it with your favorite liquid. I like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the dopamine
today. The thing that makes everything
better. It's called a simultaneous sip
and it happens now.
Go. Uh, the technology is all working
today. It's the way I like
it. Well, I wonder if there's any
science that looks
sketchy. Turns out there is. So
according to the Guardian, there's a
British
hospitals have decided that uh if you
give the patients way more medication
than it used to, it could cut deaths by
62%. They say it's a game
changer, and it might be. What is the
first question you would ask if you saw
a study that says, "Oh, it turns out if
you just just gave people way more of
the stuff you're already giving them,
that would be even better.
Well, I would suspect the companies that
are making those drugs, you're already
giving
them, but somebody did some research
when I posted on this and said, "No,
it's just a data um a data entity." So,
an entity that's just trying to figure
out what works and what doesn't. But the
data entity is part of a bigger pharma.
Do you think that any do you think that
anyone in that larger pharma of which
the data entity is a part do you think
any of them provide any drugs that you
give to people for heart
failure? I don't know but my my uh
pattern recognition says did you see the
study about was it
Oxycontton and when people were getting
bad results with Oxycontton they decided
that the solution was to give them way
more whenever you see science that says
you know
what you should take way more of this
medication I I just automatically say I
I don't know. I'm going to need to know
a lot more about who did that study. So,
that's the first thing you should
ask. All right. Here's another one. I
wonder if they could have done this in a
faster, more efficient way, but
according to Eric Dolan on Sai Post,
political overconfidence worsens
polarization in online debates. So
apparently if
you if you believe you know a lot about
politics but you might be sort of
exaggerating your own ability, you get
extra mad when you talk to people who
have different
opinions. Do you know what they could
have done instead of this study? They
could have just asked me. Just ask
Scott. Yes. If you talk to somebody
who's really sure that their view of the
world and politics is correct and yours
is not, they will get quite quite worked
up if you give them anything counter to
what they think they believe. Yep. It's
the Dunning Krueger for
politics. The overconfidence effect they
call it. Yeah. You don't want to talk to
somebody who's overconfident about
politics.
Well, here's a uh high blood pressure
mystery. I've always believed that high
blood pressure was not fully
understood. And I don't know if this
explains it, but since it agrees with
me, I'm going to tell you about
it. So, according to the University of
Wateroo,
um generally speaking, if you had high
blood pressure, they tell you to eat
less
salt. Has anybody had that experience?
eat less salt. And apparently that works
or they wouldn't recommend it. But
apparently the uh University of
Wateroo figured out that uh maybe what's
more important than less salt is the
ratio of salt to dietary potassium.
So, if you eat bananas and broccoli,
which have potassium in them, you might
be better off than lowering your salt
because what you need is a good balance
of potassium to sodium. So, I don't know
if that's true. You know, half of all
scientific studies don't are not
reproducible, but I like this one
because I like bananas and I like
broccoli.
This is it's a perfect example of how
people accept or don't accept science.
If if this is said, yeah, you've got to
eat uh I don't know, some kind of food I
don't like. I couldn't even think of
anything because I like I like pretty
much all food. But
uh I I really like bananas and broccoli.
I I eat a banana and broccoli almost
every day. So yeah, I believe the
science because I like bananas and
broccoli.
Well, this one surprises me. The uh UK
Supreme Court just ruled that
transgender women are not legally
defined as women according to the
Telegraph. I don't know what they are
defined as, but they're not going to be
defined as women in the UK. Now, doesn't
that surprise you? Because I thought the
UK was so cooked that, you know, that
they would just go for every woke thing
in the world. But apparently not. So
they said transgender women are not
legally defined as women. Don't you
wonder if there's any kind of Trump
effect? You know that. Do you think that
the things that are happening in the
United States just sort of bleed over
into the consciousness of other
countries? I just wonder if they would
have had the same ruling if things were
different in the United States. All
right, here's my favorite story. I just
love this story.
Now, I don't want to do, you know, full
shut and fried shut and freud where you
feel good about bad things that happen
to other people. But if those other
people are bad
people, I feel like a little bit of shot
and Freud wouldn't be terrible, would
it? Would it? So, here I'm going to feel
good about something that's bad for
somebody who is a bad person.
Do you remember Leticia
James who went after Trump because Trump
uh in New York because Trump allegedly
inflated the the value of some of his
properties to get uh good loans. Now,
the bank that gave him the loan said
nothing like that
happened. They said they do their own
research to figure out how much the
properties are worth. They don't take
the word of the applicant. So there was
nothing really like that that happened
but she still managed to get uh to get
her away and Trump was
uh fined a tremendous amount of money.
Now, it turns out that uh Bill PE who uh
his new job is a US federal housing
finance agency director and uh that gave
him apparently access to some records
and he's referred New York Attorney
General Leticia James to the Department
of Justice
uh for alleged mortgage
fraud. So, here are the three things
she's accused of.
one calling her home in Virginia her
primary residence because that gets you,
you know, better treatment. Uh but of
course it couldn't be because she's
literally the attorney general of New
York. So she has a New York home. But
the New York home, um I don't know if
this is the one she lives in, but she
has a New York property that she says
has four units.
it really has five, but apparently you
get better treatment I think for taxes
uh if you say it's four. So she lied and
said it was five. That's fraud number
two. Uh and then I listened to Jonathan
Turley this morning talking about it and
uh one for one of these applications she
listed her father as her husband which
somehow should have gotten her better
terms. I don't know how just saying
she's married maybe.
So, and also according to Jonathan
Turley, it is completely normal that
these exact crimes if they if they turn
out to be real, that these exact crimes
people are prosecuted for all the time.
So it might be the ideal
situation that the person who went after
Trump with a bunch of lawfare was doing
the same thing, you know, in in in a
different way, but mortgage fraud
basically. So and and I would argue that
hers is
different than what Trump did because it
doesn't look like anybody was going to
do their own work and check on her
stuff.
So with Trump's stuff, if he says, "My
building's worth this or that," he would
know that in that situation, the bank
would check for themselves to see what a
piece of property is worth. But I don't
think anybody was checking that Virginia
was her primary residence or wasn't. I
don't think anybody's job it was to
check that she had four units instead of
five in a York property. And probably
nobody's job was to check to see if her
husband was her
father. So Trump was in a situation
where he couldn't have possibly
defrauded anybody because the normal
process that everybody knows, everybody
knows is that the bank checks for
themselves on the value of a property.
But they don't check on this stuff.
Sounds like they take your word for it
if you say it's four four pieces of of
four living units instead of five.
Although I'm surprised they don't check
on it, but it looks like they don't.
Well, Melinda French Gates was on CNN.
We're talking about Bill Gates uh ex.
And you know, there's nothing more
dangerous than a divorced uh
billionaire because they have unlimited
money and they feel like they have to do
things with it. And my god, does it not
work out. But one of the things that
Melinda French Gates said on CNN was
quote, this is part of the reason for
her activism that that she wants to be
involved and kind of an activist because
quote my two granddaughters don't have
as many rights now as I did growing
up. Now, she didn't give any
examples, but I don't want her
granddaughters to have fewer rights than
she did.
Maybe she could give us an
example. Is it is it all about
abortion? Because if you happen to be
the granddaughter of Melinda French
Gates, I'm pretty sure you could take an
airplane anywhere you wanted to get the
treatment you wanted from anybody. I
don't think it's a problem if you're
this
rich. So, do they really have fewer
rights? And and then I saw somebody
replying on X saying, "Well, um, her
granddaughters can't have automatic
weapons like she could when she was a
kid." And I thought, "Huh, that's
actually a pretty good example. Uh, we
don't have the right to automatic
weapons, at least as easily." Um, so
that's that's probably not what she was
thinking, though. But I keep seeing
these weird Democrat accusations without
details. It's like, ah, he's a
fascist. Anyway, did any of you see the
uh the recording of Joe Biden, his first
speech since he left
office? Oh my god, I forgot how much I
hated him. I hate him. I I I just have
full hatred for him. Now, of course,
he's, you know, he's dumb old Biden. So,
he goes up when the loud music is
playing, and he starts his speech while
the loud music is still playing. And
somehow he was the only person in the
entire place who couldn't tell that
nobody could hear him because he was
talking at the same time as the really
loud music that introduced him.
He was so out of it that he just starts
talking over the loud music as if
anybody could hear that. It was like,
"Oh god." And then uh he did his angry
dementia
lying. See, let's see. Uh here are some
of his best ones. He said he said that
Trump is going to cut your social
security. There's no evidence of that
whatsoever. And Trump says exactly the
opposite. And so did Doge.
But he just gets up there and he just
says it, you know, like it's a fact or
something. And and you forget what a
liar Biden is. Like just a shameless
liar because that's not true. But if the
ex-president says it's true, people are
going to think it's
true. Just shameless.
And and then he basically said that Doge
um is moving fast and breaking things
and oh sure enough they're breaking
things and says they want to break
everything so they can steal for their
friends and get them lower taxes. Like
that doesn't even make
sense. What exactly are they going to
break to give their friends lower tax
rates? How does that even work? Is there
something in the government I could
break? like if I figured out what it was
that would give me lower taxes. It It's
just ridiculous. It's just ridiculous
lying. And it's old old man yelling at
the uh
sonar. Oh my god, I'm so glad he's not
president
anymore. Well, as you know, President
Trump and his administration have a
little battle with Harvard.
Um, so before giving Harvard the funding
that the government normally gives it
for research and some say that research
is super valuable and provides way more
value to the economy than the annual
funding. I don't know about that but
that's a claim. And uh but what Trump
wants is he wants uh them to get rid of
their DEI and you know work harder
against
anti-semitism and uh have um hiring and
standards that are based on merit as
opposed to DEI. But Harvard has decided
that it will fight this and it got two
really good lawyers and
uh so they're going to fight it. And
their argument is we're a private a
private business and uh you can't tell
us what to do or say. It's up to us who
we hire and why. And it's up to us what
we say or allow people to say and why
because we're private. to which I say,
you know what, I agree with that. I
agree with that. So, I think the the
funding should be entirely based on
whether it's good for the
public. So, if they want to be
terrible, I feel like they have a right
to do that. Uh I do feel I do feel that
this is a bit of an
overreach for the government to tell
this private entity how they should be
operating. Now, I do think the private
entity is operating in a terrible,
destructive, but just horrible way, but
they do have the right to be horrible.
It's not illegal. Now, the DEI part is
illegal, but um that they argue that
they should be able to have their own
standards and blah blah blah. But here's
the funny part. So Trump did this
extended post on
truth and he's just so wonderfully
insulting that I just want to read the
whole thing if you don't mind. So this
is Trump on Harvard. Harvard lost its
way. Defund it. Uh Trump says everyone
knows that Harvard has lost its way.
They hired from New York Bill Delasio
and Chicago Lori Lightoot at
ridiculously high salaries and fees. two
of the worst and most incompetent mayors
in the history of our country to teach
municipal management and
government. Now, I never I'd never heard
that before. Had you heard that Harvard
had hired the two worst the two worst
mayors in the history of the
country to teach the rest of the
students
um municipal management and
government? That doesn't even seem like
it could be true, does it? But but if it
is true, it's funny. And then then Trump
goes
on. He says, "These two radical left
fools left behind two cities that will
take years to recover from their
incompetence and evil. Harvard has been
hiring almost all woke radical left
idiots and bird brains who are only
capable of teaching failure to
students." and so-called future leaders.
Now, I agree with everything he's
saying, but you know, there there are
certain rights you got to you got to
accept. He goes, "Look, just to the
recent past that they're plagiarizing
president uh who is so greatly who so
greatly embarrassed Harvard before the
United States Congress when it got so
bad that they just couldn't take it
anymore, they moved this grossly inept
woman into another position." teaching
rather than firing her on the spot.
Since then, much else has been found out
about her, but she remains in place.
Many others, like these leftist dopes,
are teaching at Harvard, and because of
that, Harvard can no longer be
considered even a decent place of
learning and should not be
considered and should not be considered
on any list of the world's great
universities or colleges. Harvard is a
joke. teaches hate and stupidity and
should no longer receive federal funds.
Thank you for your attention to this
matter. Now, yeah, you you might
disagree with, you know, something that
Trump wants to do, uh,
but he's the best writer we've ever
had. You know, I used to think that uh
probably Thomas Jefferson was the best
writer. I mean, he wrote most of the uh
uh the uh I'm sorry, what was it? The
uh what is the thing that's not the
Constitution? The
uh well, you know, the thing. The thing
I'm going to go full Joe Biden here. I'm
on some pain meds. They're slowing down
my brain quite a
bit. But I don't think it was Jefferson.
I think it I think it was Trump. He's
the best writer. All right, let's check
in on AI. Apparently Grock
uh Declaration of Independence. Yes,
thank you. So, yeah, Jefferson wrote the
Declaration of Independence, most of it.
And that was pretty good. I like I
sometimes I like reading the Declaration
of
Independence just for the writing and
I'll read it like three or four times
and every time I'll be like,
"Wow, wow, how do you write that?
They're just just amazingly written.
Amazingly written." But when I read when
I read Trump, it's also magic. So it
would be hard to compare them.
Well, Grock has a new capability now.
You can take your your documents that
are in Google Drive and drop them in and
it will uh fully interact with your
documents. You can ask it questions and
have it you can have it help edit. It
can summarize. It could refine the
presentations.
And uh if that works
um I'm going to be using it today
because I've been waiting for this. The
problem had always been you know chat
GPT for a long time has been able to
handle a file. I don't I don't know if
it could do Google Drive but you could
upload a file. The trouble is that it
would hallucinate what's in your file.
So it made it kind of useless.
So, the thing I want to know is if Grock
is going to hallucinate what's in the
file. If it doesn't, this would be a
gigantic move forward. I'm like, this
would be a really big deal. So, I'll
test it out later, let you know.
Um, did you know that Apple, of course,
they turned their uh their SI, I don't
want to say it, so it activates your
devices, but they turned it into an AI
version. And apparently, it's just a
joke within Apple. Even the Apple
employees think that their own AI, which
is barely AI, is ridiculously bad. And
uh I would agree it is ridiculously bad.
according to an article in futurism by
Frank Landymore
uh that they floundered so much that
uh that I don't know what they're going
to do. They're going to have to start
over or something. Now, the one thing it
does do is it understands what you're
saying way
better. But Apple is not even in the AI
space, it seems like. So, I don't know.
I feel like they could be in a lot of
trouble if they don't if they don't own
AI, you know, at least have the best
version of it. And it doesn't look like
they're even close or even trying to
be. So, I don't know. I think Apple's
got some real problems with
AI.
Um, there's a uh here here's the AI news
that you knew was coming. This is the
most predictable one. So, there's a
pilot program that's launching in New
York State that will turn the your TV,
let's say you're a senior, it turns your
TV screen into a personalized hub for
caregiving, communication, and
connections. The New York Post has an
article on this. So, if you're a
qualifying older adult,
uh you'll get devices from Onscreen Inc.
that can transform any TV into a smart
caregiver platform. So, in other words,
AI, and there will be an AI person who
talks to you, but they can do things
like medication reminders, daily
check-ins.
Um, they can help you connect to your
loved ones, you know, phone wise. And
then they've got this uh program called
Joy, an AI powered virtual companion
built into it that interacts with the
seniors.
Now, given the loneliness factor of
seniors, this feels like I I don't know
if it'll be this specific product, but
don't you think that is
guaranteed that seniors are going to
have some kind of AI companion helping
him out that's just always on the TV?
It's sort of the perfect place to put it
because the TV is kind of central and
maybe have more than one.
So, I feel like I feel like I want
one. How many of you would want one?
Like immediately I wanted one. I I'm not
qualified because it have to be in New
York, but if you could have a
uh an AI personality that would just be
taking care of you, making sure you took
your
meds and uh you know, could maybe set up
a phone call and stuff like that. How
many of you would want
that? I I feel like how much you'd want
it depends on how good it is. Like if it
could really have a conversation like
it's just a regular person, you're gonna
want it. Even if you say you
don't, you're gonna want
it. So, I'm I'm just going to admit I
want it. I might prefer having it on my
phone, but I want
it. Not even close,
huh? All right. So, Senator Cy Booker,
who's trying to get attention, uh, and
apparently talking for two days straight
or whatever he did, didn't get him
enough attention because nobody knows
what he
said to me. That's just
hilarious. I've got this great idea. I'm
going to talk for How long did he talk?
How many hours? He broke a record,
right? He talked for like 44 hours or
something. And and I'm thinking, if you
talk for 44 hours and literally nobody
knows what you're talking
about, that's the best fail you'll ever
hear. That I mean, that's a complete
fail. But now
because because that didn't work out
[Music]
um because that didn't work
out he he threatens that he's going to
lead a trip to El Salvador to push for
the release of that uh one guy from
Maryland
uh Kilmer Argo Garcia Axios supporting
this and uh he's going to try to get him
[Music]
home. And meanwhile, Senator Chris von
Holland from Maryland is trying to do
the same thing. So, he's also talking
about traveling down there and trying to
get this guy home. Now, here's the funny
part. Um I haven't talked about this
story at all, and probably you wondered
because it's just all over the news.
Just all over the news. Now, the first
reason is I tend not to talk about
oneoff stories because whatever there is
about this specific story, it doesn't
feel like it's
generalizable. It's it's weird and it's
tragic perhaps, but it doesn't feel like
it's telling you anything you need to
know. It's just one situation that's
unique.
But uh everything about what you think
about that situation depends on the
question of whether he's MS13 or not. So
the Democrats say no, he's been, you
know, found not to be
MS-13. And Steve Miller will tell you,
oh, he's definitely been found to be
MS-13. I guess two courts have decided
that he was. Now, it could go either
way. You know, I I admit that just
because some courts found he was MS13,
that doesn't necessarily mean he is,
does it? And can people ever quit? Is it
possible he was MS13 when he was 17
years old, but now he's in his mid30s
and hasn't had even any contact with him
since that whole
time? At at his core of that, I don't
know. So, I don't have a opinion about
whether he should be brought back or not
because it would all depend on whether I
knew he was an MS-13 and how could I
possibly know that. So, I'm just
watching, you know, I'm I'm not going to
be traveling down there to free him cuz
I just don't know. Um, but there is a
question of whether he got due process.
As far as I know, he did because he
already had deportation orders. That
sounds like pretty due process to me.
But I don't know. I I would be open to
that argument that he didn't get
enough. But as far as I know, if if Cy
Booker, let's say Cy Booker leads an
expedition down there and against all
odds he
succeeds and they come back and and the
uh what's his name? Abrego Garcia. He's
with him and he's all smiling and he's
like for free man. And then they land in
the United States and ICE picks him up
at the airport and just ships him back
to El Salvador because apparently
there's a standing deportation order. So
if he comes back, he doesn't get to
stay. He he he has a standing
deportation order. So I is just going to
ship him back the minute he
lands. So I don't know. But then I guess
you could say, does he get life in
prison just because he's he's here
illegally? Well, that seems kind of kind
of too much. So, I don't have an opinion
about this whole uh Kilmer Abrigo Garcia
case cuz all the things that would
determine what my opinion was can't
really be known by me. So, I'll just
keep watching. But I think it's
hilarious that uh Cy Booker, he's not
getting enough attention, so he's gonna
he's going to go all in
on all in on the MS-13 person. Now, is
it is it my imagination and I I can't
tell if this is accidentally happening
or the Democrats are just doing it to
themselves or the Republicans have found
a clever way to do it to them, which is
every time you see that the Democrats
are advocating for something, it's for
something that you don't like. It's
like, are you advocating for an MS-13
guy? Well, uh, but it's, uh, it's it's
about due process. Okay. But it's really
you advocating for an MS-13 guy, right?
Well, we don't think he's
MS-13. Uh, we don't know if he got due
process. And next thing you know,
they'll be shipping uh, Americans down
to that prison. To which I say, really?
An American citizen who didn't commit
any
crimes? I don't know. We'll talk about
that. Trump has some ideas about that.
Um, in Washington
State, the college, uh, an instructor
was arrested for assaulting a student
wearing a MAGA hat. The postmillennial
is writing about this. Um, so apparently
he's a this guy Mahoney has strong ties
to the Democratic Socialists of America.
So some would say a communist, but I
don't know if that's fair.
But apparently he saw some uh some guy
wearing a MAGA hat and just he and
another guy just brutally attacked
him.
Now I can't even
imagine any conservative brutally
attacking any
Democrat for their political opinion.
Have you ever even heard of it?
But it seems rather routine for the left
to attack and brutalize the right for
wearing a
hat. So that's crazy. All right, let's
check in on how tariffs are going.
According to Newsmax Money, Honda has
decided to make 90% of its cars in the
United States, the ones that are selling
in the United States, and they're going
to relocate their Mexico and Canada
plants to the US.
Now, that sounds like exactly what Trump
wanted. And I guess they'll be able to
do this probably before the end of
Trump's term. So, you're going to see at
least one big company who probably can
just move the machines and put him in a
new facility. So, maybe Honda is just
really good at process.
Um, so that's good. That's exactly what
Trump wanted and it's happening.
Apparently Hong Kong is mad at Trump
because uh he wanted to put uh tariffs
on
mail and then Hong Kong said, "Forget
it. We just won't send you any
mail." So the Hong Kong Postal Service
said, "It won't be Washington's tax
collector, and it will stop all service
mail to the US." How many of you were
getting mail from Hong Kong?
I actually do get mail from Hong
Kong. So every now and then business for
business
reasons, but I feel like they could find
me. They could they could also email me.
Like any everybody who sends me anything
physical for Hong Kong, they also have
my email. So I don't know. Maybe the
office is just uh irrelevant. I saw this
on a Mario Knoff post. I get a lot of my
my best stories from Mario
Novel. Um, and then according to
Newsweek, Trump is increased his tariffs
on China to
245%. A new high, and he signed an
executive order to block risky imports
of processed minerals. I don't even know
what that means. Why Why would imports
of minerals be risky?
Is there something I don't know about
minerals? Anyway, so I'm sure there's a
reason for
it, but there's one little line in the
story in Newsweek that I thought was the
most important one. Now, obviously, the
245% tariff is just response to China.
So, uh, China is acting like it's not
going to quit and you can't hurt us. And
Trump is just matching their energy and
saying, "Well, I don't know, maybe I can
hurt you. How about this? How about
that?" So, it's up to
245%. But buried in the story was this
sentence. China assigned a new trade
negotiator. China assigned a new trade
negotiator. Does that sound like they
don't want a deal?
Not to me. To me, it sounds like they do
want a deal and uh they needed their
best person to put on it and they felt
they didn't have their best person on
it. Now, of course, I'm reading between
the lines. I don't know why they
assigned a new trade negotiator, but if
if you see it in the context of a
245% tariff,
um I feel like they do want to negotiate
and they want to do it quickly. So maybe
that'll
work. Um I saw a post by Kimell Musk
who's uh Elon's brother. Um that Boeing
is now cancelled in China. So he says
the great decoupling has begun or so it
seems. So this was a post on X. Uh so
I'll just read it because he says it he
says it well.
So, Kimell Musk says, "The reality is
that Boeing's planes that are
manufactured in America for Americans
include about 10,000 Chinese-made parts
in each plane." It's hard to even
believe that that's
possible. So, a Boeing plane has 10,000
Chinese-made
parts. Which parts is it? Like every
part of the
seats. Uh and then the other way uh in
China they use uh Americanmade avionics
and engines in their planes as Kimell
says pretty important parts. Um and then
he then he says the trade war shows a
stunning misunderstanding of how global
supply chains work. While it's
theoretically possible to decouple,
trade is also a major driver of peace.
Meaning that if they want planes and we
want planes, it's better if we don't
tariff each other to death because we
won't get their 10,000 parts and they
won't get our avionics. Now, I I
completely
understand what uh Kimble Musk is
saying. So, his argument is clear.
Um, but I just don't think you can let
somebody abuse
you
forever. At some point, you have to
choose war over peace if if the person
you're having peace with is just abusing
you every day.
So, I don't know. I don't quite agree
with this. I I do agree that if we could
find fair trade with China, it would be
way better to trade with them than not,
wouldn't it? And then we could slowly,
if we wanted to, we wouldn't even want
to with these uh airplane parts
probably. We could
slowly, you know, uh repatriate
businesses that we wanted to have, the
the good ones, you know, the car
companies and, you know, the big ones.
So, um, yeah, as long as we have fair
trade deals, you can get anything done.
You can get peace,
etc. So, we'll see if, uh, this new
trade negotiator from China can make
that
happen. Um, at the same time, according
to The Hill, the White House is
launching this national security
investigation into pharma and
semiconductors.
Now, the read between the lines part of
that, according to the story, is that
it's sort of the first step before
Trump's going to put major tariffs on
pharma. Now, that one scares me a little
bit because I don't know if I would have
even notice if Boeing made fewer planes
for a while. Like, I I just don't even
know if I'd notice. Um, but if I can't
get, you know, normal pharmaceutical
stuff,
um, I would notice
that.
So, this is a tough one. You know, the
the only thing that makes sense is if
Trump is
assuming that we would do some serious
trade negotiations in the next few weeks
so that whatever he's doing with these
tariffs, they don't last that long,
which would be good. Would also be an
indication that he was using it just as
a negotiating tool, not as something
that's, you know, a permanent situation.
So, yeah, the uh the pharmaceuticals,
that one scares me a little bit.
According to uh the postmillennial, the
cargo going through ports in China has
dropped by 9.7% in the second week of
April. So that would indicate that the
tariffs that Trump is putting on uh
China are brutally effective because
9.7% drop that's that's going to get
their attention. Uh that is not a normal
drop in things. So that that's
definitely got to be the tariffs working
on them. Uh but those are some some of
the things they would ship would be to
us. So the joke's on us too. But
uh but we'll see. So maybe maybe China
will get a little bit closer to you know
wanting to make a real deal. Braaybar
News says that uh chip maker
AMD is decided to manufacture their
chips in the USA for the first time
ever. So I didn't know that AMD has
never made chips in the United States.
It's, you know, I thought it was just an
American chip company. I assumed that's
the only place they made them, but
apparently they've never made them here.
And uh but now, and I assume this is
because of the tariffs, they're going to
make them here.
So, what I'm thinking is that we're
going to need, you know, two paths. One
path is for stuff that you can fairly
expeditiously move to the United States,
like cars and chipm apparently, and the
other would be for things like the
Boeing airplane parts where it just sort
of doesn't work to have a tariff on
that. it it it's not getting you
anything you want except no airplanes.
So maybe there should be
exemptions for certain businesses that
like pharma pharma and airplanes where
it's not going to be very fast for them
to move to the United States. But I
asked the following
question are the pharmaceutical
companies operating in China? Are they
Americanowned or European-owned and
they're just operating in China? Or are
they Chinese companies that are making
the drugs and shipping them to the US?
Which is it? Now, I've heard that uh
China leads on pharmaceutical equipment.
So, they they can make equipment that
makes pharmaceuticals
um better than we can. But if we own the
companies, can't we just say, "All
right, just everything that's on the
floor here that we use to make stuff,
uh, pack it all up and move it to the
United States because they would own the
equipment and they would own all the
assets, right?" So, I don't know how
easy it would be for any pharma company
to move to the United States. But that
would be a big question. if there's some
that can just sort of move their
equipment here and then wherever the
equipment is, you can make the
pharmaceuticals. But I think there's
also a question of the the precursors
and the materials that go into making it
and that might still be from China. So I
think China's got us on pharmaceuticals
for a long
time. Well, apparently here's a accused
leaker Dan
Caldwell. Yeah, he was one of the top
adviserss for P Hegsath and he was
escorted down to the Pentagon um I think
it was yesterday or today after being
identified um during an investigation to
leaks at the Department of Defense. Now,
I thought everybody leaked. Haven't you
heard of that before? There there's no
such thing as nobody who leaks. like
every person in Congress, they've all
got somebody they leak to so that they
can get, you know, like good good press.
So, they're basically buttering up
people in the press by
leaking. So, I guess he got caught
allegedly. Laura Loomer has that scoop.
Um, and she points out that uh Dan
Caldwell was listed as a point of
contact for the Department of Defense in
the Mike Waltz's signal gate
chat. I don't know if that means he did
anything wrong, but he was the point of
contact for that.
So, all right, here's a big question
that I've been asking myself
lately. Um, has Trump turned
fascist or turned
dictator? So the arguments would be he's
going after Harvard and the colleges
um essentially trying to change their
free
speech by getting them to be uh less
anti-semitic and that would be you know
the Trump's take on it. Uh so if you're
going after free speech in our in our
institutions are you kind of a dictator
fascist? You decide. Um, then there's
the talk about the third term. Now, I
don't think that I I think Bannon, Steve
Bannon's the one who's been saying that
that that he could serve a third term
under some conditions. Now, I don't
think that's true. I don't think he can
serve a third term. And I think it would
be a huge a huge problem if he did. You
know, it's already unsafe to be a Trump
supporter, especially if you wore a hat.
But imagine how unsafe it would be if he
if he somehow stayed in power for a
third
term. That would be really really
dangerous because at that point people
would say, "All right, there's the
proof. You know, he violated the
Constitution. He's just going to stay."
And it wouldn't matter how clever the
argument was. You know, if even if the
Supreme Court said, "All right, you
know, it's a good point. you you found a
workaround that we can't argue with. I
don't think that would happen.
But what would that look like to his
supporters? I don't want to be a
supporter who says he can serve a third
term. I don't want I don't want that on
my record. You know, I don't want to
have a conversation with somebody who
says, "So, you know, are you a Trump
guy?" And then I say, "Yes." and they
say, "What do you think about that third
term?" I don't like it at
all. But I especially don't like it if
it happens and then the reputational
damage occurs to me and and those of you
who are Trump supporters as well. That's
just dangerous to to me. Like
physically, that's dangerous. So, I'm
not for that at all.
Um, I do I do think it might be a
strategy though. The strategy would be
that people could never be sure if they
can just wait them out because I think a
lot of what the deep state is trying to
do is like, all right, we can just we
can do this. We can just wait four years
and then we'll just reverse everything
with our, you know, candidates. We'll
get the Congress back. So, just hang
tight. I think that maybe Biden that
Bannon's strategy is to say that he
might be here for a third term. So if
you're going to wait him out, it's a bad
strategy because you don't know how long
you're going to wait. I don't
know. Like I'm just trying to put the
best face on it that I could think of
because I can't read anybody's mind. And
I think Trump probably likes it because
it's provocative and it makes the
Democrats talk about it.
But so far the Democrats have not really
leaned into that one and it's the one
that I think you could lean into the the
most effectively because something he's
really floated like the the idea is
actually you know it's out there. Then
there's the question of Trump sending
Americans to El Salvador jail. So Trump
actually
said to Boule apparently of El Salvador
um that he'd be interested in sending
homegrown meaning American criminals to
an El Salvador jail.
Now, I hope not, cuz again, I would be
very against that sending our criminals
to some other country and uh especially
if uh if they're never going to get out,
which is what I think those jails are
about. So, I don't like
that. Um but of course, he's just you
were just speculating, right? It's it's
like the third term. It's just something
he's noodling on. He's not leaning into
it. Um, and then there's the question
about whether he's friends with
dictators like Putin. And it doesn't
look like it at the moment. It doesn't
look like he's being too friendly to
Putin. He's just not able to get any
kind of a deal. I don't think there will
be a deal, honestly. Uh, the Ukraine
deal. How many of you think that there
will be an actual peace deal between
Russia and Ukraine while Trump's in
office? Cuz I don't think so. I think
it's a literally an impossible
situation because we can't really lean
on both of them as hard as we'd like to
to, you know, force them into a deal.
And if we force them into a deal, is it
going to last? I mean, I feel like it
has to be a deal that they both hate,
but they know that they were the ones
who made it and then then maybe last.
But um if oil place prices get low
enough, it could squeeze Russia. Well,
there are a million ways we can squeeze
Russia
harder, but I don't know that that's
going to make them change their
strategy.
Um, you know, because every day Putin
has a good
day. I don't think Putin's having
trouble paying his bills, so he seems a
little insulated from that.
Anyway, um I think the argument that
Trump is a fascist is
weak, but uh there are some warning
signals. There are some warning
signals as I just mentioned. All right.
So, the other day uh on my podcast, I
was talking about the fact that um Cash
Patel, you know, unleashed a bunch of
documents. Now, the one I talked about
was a handwritten note from John
Brennan, who is head of CIA at the time,
to Obama detailing that the Hillary
Clinton's campaign was going to run a
Russia collusion op on Trump to distract
from her own email problems and that and
that their biggest concern was that
Russia would find out about it. Their
biggest concern was not that it wasn't
true and that Hillary can't Hillary was
going to run an op saying it was true.
Their problem was that Russia might find
out. Now, some people said, "But this is
not new news. If you'd watched Dan
Bongino, you would know all about that."
And I I do vaguely think I knew about
that handwritten letter before. So, I
don't know that that's new. But
uh on my post about it, somebody clipped
off, you know, did a video clip of me
talking about it and
uh General Flynn commented on it. So he
reposted me talking about it and he said
immediately rest for conspiracy to
overthrow the US government the
following and bring them in for
questioning. So he wants to arrest and
bring in for questioning Barack Obama,
John Brennan, Jim Clapper. He says he'll
talk. Susan Rice, Jim Comey, and General
Flynn says he'll talk. And Andrew
McCabe, he'll talk. Um, he says this is
full-blown treason. Yes, you're damn
right. I'm biased about this, but if
these people aren't held accountable,
they'll do it again and again. Now, what
exactly would be the crime? It feels
criminal that that the sitting
government was organizing essentially an
insurrection against the rising
candidate. That it feels kind of
illegal, like maximum illegal, but I
don't know exactly what crime it would
be. Um, do you think it will ever come
to pass that Barack Obama will be
brought in for questioning and John
Brennan
will?
I if it hasn't happened
yet, I don't
know. So, I agree with General Flynn. It
seems like if you let this go, um it's
just going to get
worse. I think he's right about that.
But, uh I just don't see it happening in
the real world. Do you?
Well, apparently, according to Lee
Zeldon of the EPA, there's a small
startup called Make
Sunsets, and apparently they're
geoengineering the uh planet by
injecting sulfur dioxide into the sky
um and then selling quote cooling
credits. So, I guess that's something
they can do with um climate
change economy.
So, I guess people buy cooling credits.
That's a
thing. Anyway, Lee Zelden says, "This
company is polluting the air we breathe.
I've instructed my team that we need to
quickly get to the bottom of this and
take immediate action. Is that
chemtrails?" Well, if it is, this is a
new company doing it. So, whatever the
old chemtrails were, don't know. But,
uh, Lee Alden's all over that trying to
shut that down.
Here's a uh economist's view of our debt
situation which unfortunately matches my
own and it's not
good. So this is a a real working
economist who goes by Dr. Insensitive
Jerk and let me just read what he says
about our debt because you know how I
said I don't think
Doge got anywhere close to helping us
with our debt. I mean 150 billion's not
nothing but it's not in the realm of
helping us get out of our debt. So this
is what Dr. Insensitive Jerk the
economist says. He says it doesn't look
like Doge will cut government enough to
save off default, but they did
accomplish something
unexpected. He says I'm an economist and
I don't know what will happen when the
US defaults on its debt either overtly
or by hyperinflation.
So basically default is built into it
now because we found that we couldn't
cut our expenses. If you can't cut your
expenses, you'll eventually default. Now
you would do it either by
hyperinflating so that the people who we
owe $1, we'll still owe them $1, but $1
will be worth 10 cents.
So that's not ideal because everybody
who had one do of their retirement would
find out that it was worth only 10
cents, but at least we'd pay off the
debt. Hey, so that would be terrible.
And of course, just saying we can't pay
it off is would be
catastrophic. Um, and he says when we
default, and keep in mind it's a when
because we don't have any plan for not
defaulting.
And to me, the fact that we're not
talking about this every day all day, I
don't don't even know how to understand
that. It's by far our biggest
problem. Anyway, he says, "When we
default, it may happen quickly because
safety is the only reason the US
Treasury debt commands such a low
interest rate." Yeah. So, when safety
goes away, boom. When rumors of default
or hyperinflation start swirling,
interest rates may spike to 10% or more,
which we cannot pay. Even at the current
4% rate, the interest on the 35 trillion
debt, he does a little math here, uh
would be 1.4
trillion, which already consumes 60% of
the 2.4 trillion total income tax
revenue. a 10% interest rate like we saw
in the 80s. The interest on the debt
will be 15 150% of income tax revenue.
That means it will be 75% of all
government
revenue. Since people know we can't pay
10%, they won't accept 10% and will
demand even more. That's the doom spiral
and it could happen overnight.
So now you might say, "But Scott, what
do we do about that to protect ourselves
against default?" And I have no idea. I
have no idea. Um, I will tell you I own
Bitcoin because I like
diversification. So Bitcoin as a
diversification play makes sense, but I
don't know that that gives you safety.
And I I don't know how much you should
own to be safe, if it gives you any
safety at all.
But I can imagine a time when the dollar
is worth nothing. But I don't know,
would that make your crypto worth
anything? Because you usually have to
turn your crypto into dollars to to buy
stuff.
So you say you say Bitcoin is a
scam. Lead and
whiskey. Yeah.
Well, I wish I wish somebody in our
government would tell us the truth and
get us ready for whatever is coming
because whatever is coming could be
pretty
extreme. Uh, all right, last little item
here. The, uh, according to the Hill,
uh, legacy broadcasters account for just
more than 10% of TV viewers viewership
in March. 10%. So, I guess we're talking
about ABC, NBC, CBS.
uh only 10% of TV
viewership. Now, I was trying to think
when was the last time I watched
anything on NBC, CBS, or ABC. I've seen
clips of people who were on it, but I
don't think I've watched
it in months or years, and it used to be
the main thing you watched. So, I don't
know.
All
right, ladies and gentlemen, that is my
show for today. I'm going to briefly
talk to the locals people and then I
will see the rest of you tomorrow. Same
time, same place. Thanks for joining on
YouTube and Rumble NX locals coming at
you in 30.