probably give you a
show. That's how I'm feeling.
Generous. Happy Easter,
everybody. Let me get my comments going
here. Little bit of a delay. I don't
know
why. There we
go. All good.
[Music]
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better day. But if
you'd like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains, all
you need for that is a copper mug or a
glass of tanker tanteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the dopamine
end of the day thing that makes
everything better. It's a special Easter
sip and it happens now.
Go. Now we're ready. Are you ready for
the only new and interesting show of the
entire day? Because all the uh smart
people take Easter
off. But I'm always here. Always here.
Well, number one, the uh Grock AI now
has a visual mode. So, if you have the
app Grock, you can put it in visual mode
and it will see what you see in your
room and it will talk to you about it.
Now, uh Chat GPT said that for a while
and it is the
wildest greatest feature. If you're
trying to fix something, you can just
point it at it and it'll tell you how to
fix it.
I've done that and it's just wild. It's
like having a person with you. It's
like, "Hey, take a look at this." All
right. What do you see? And it'll tell
you what it sees and then it'll tell you
what to do with it. It's
amazing. Um, but that's not all it can
do. So, Elon Musk, let's talk about Elon
Musk. We've got some Elon Musk news.
when whenever there's not enough regular
news, you can always count on like six
stories that are just about Elon
Musk. Uh anyway, he's proposed a new law
requiring all bills in Congress to be uh
publicly accessible for 7 days before a
vote. Now, on top of that, I believe a
Grock can summarize bills now. Now, is
that is that a done
deal? Um, I think it can. So, get your
Grock. It can look at things and can
summarize bills. So, I used Grock
um three or four times this morning to
help me with the context of stories that
I was going to talk about. You know,
like the Supreme Court stuff. Um, I'll
read the stories, but it's always people
are starting in the middle. So, it's
like something already happened and then
they're talking about it in the middle
and I'll be like, "Wait, wait, what's
the larger context? What's it all mean?"
So, I just ask Grock and it gives me a
summary of, you know, what happened and
why people are upset about it. It's
amazing. So, I've used it, yeah, three
or four times just this morning for work
related stuff. Um, speaking of Elon
Musk, uh, the Neurolink
interface, apparently he's getting close
to being able to, uh, help blind people
see. So, they're going to attach, uh,
the Neurolink interface directly to the
visual
cortex and people who are completely
blind will be able to see for the first
time.
Now I don't I don't know if it's only
people who uh have never seen or maybe
only works with people who have seen
before but uh if your visual cortex is
working
um apparently it will give you sight.
Now he thinks the initial versions will
be kind of limited so it'll be just
fuzzy kind of a image but then over time
it will just get better and better. So
literally he's going to help the blind
see by connecting to the visual cortex.
Is that wild? And then uh
separately but somewhere
related Mario is talking about this on
axe that the uh neurolink brain chip can
uh also help you communicate with your
Tesla Optimus robot.
Now, you don't yet have your Optimus
robot, but if he did, you would be able
to just use your brain to tell it what
to do. How cool would that be if you
needed uh, you know, like help all the
time in your house if you were disabled?
You just be able to think, "Robot, come
here." And the robot would enter the
room and then you think, "Get me a
beverage from the refrigerator." And the
robot would just do it.
How wild would that be? But apparently,
you know, that's probably end of
2026. You'll be able to have Neurolink
and a robot taking care of you.
Wild. Now, given that uh Elon Musk is
doing all these valuable things for
people in society, what do you think uh
the Democrats think about Elon Musk?
Well, of course, they're trying to stop
him and destroy him at all costs. and
Bernie Sanders uh did a uh an ex post in
which he is trying to take down Musk. So
let's look at what Bernie says and then
I'll tell you my own analysis here. He
says um he he starts with US oligarchy
2025 and then he tells us Elon Musk owns
as much wealth as the bottom of 53% of
the US households.
The top 1% own more wealth than the
bottom
90%. Real weekly wages are $30 lower
than 52 years ago. That one's important.
Um, and 60% of Americans live paycheck
to paycheck. Yes, we can do better than
that. Well, so I agree with Bernie about
the paychecks not being worth as much.
inflation has been um just
devastating. And
uh so that part is right. But if you're
going to look at Elon Musk's
u let's say contribution to the United
States, here's how you should do it. Um
first I would measure how much wealth he
has created.
telling me how much he
owns is one thing, but when do you know
how much he created out of nothing? And
the answer is uh Grock Grock had an
answer. The answer is it's close to a
trillion dollars. If you looked at the
value of each of his companies, it's
close to a trillion
dollars. That's how much he's created
that didn't exist before. Now, does any
of that trillion dollars benefit the
world or does it all just go in his
pocket and he spends it on cocaine and
hookers? It's a trillion dollars. He if
he tried to spend it all day long, he
couldn't spend a trillion dollars. So,
his his value of the trillion or so is
maybe a third of
it. And then he's created uh well,
here's what else I do. I would calculate
what percentage of that wealth he kept
and so far it's something like a third.
Um then I figure out what percentage of
it he's spent on his own lifestyle
versus paid in taxes. Now I believe he's
paid in
taxes tens of billions of dollars if you
count um his companies and you count his
personal stuff. And then you'd have to
calculate all the taxes paid by the
employees over all the time and all the
property taxes and all the sales taxes
that they paid by buying stuff. So you'd
have to calculate all that because that
was just added to society. So that's
something that wasn't there until Musk
added it. So I calculate all the impact
of the employees. Then I'd look at the
uh societal benefits of his companies
and I'd say, you know, are we getting
benefits? Well, yes. We got electric
cars and we got neurolinks and we got
satellites in the air and we're going to
be inter um interstellar and you know,
we have a chance of competing in space
against the other big powers. So, these
are some of the biggest benefits the
world has ever seen.
Um, but I'd also calculate what
percentage of his wealth he
spends because it's not how much you
have, it's how much you spend, right? So
if if somebody creates a trillion
dollars and they keep a third of it, but
they only
spend maybe 1% of their money because
how much can you really spend on one
person? even though he flies around, you
know, in a private jet and stuff and has
lots of baby mamas, he can only spend
about 1% of his
wealth. So, the rest of it doesn't just
sit in a pillow. It It's not in his
mattress. All money that he's not using
for his own consumption, which is a tiny
tiny bit of how much he owns, it's all
employed. meaning that the economy is
benefiting because he owns a lot of
wealth. So some of it is in the form of
stock. Um some of it is in the form of
probably various bank accounts or
whatever in which case the bank has more
money to loan out. There's no such thing
as stranded or wasted money unless it's
literally cash sitting in a box in your
house. If it's in the system in the
stock market or in a bank that's using
it as part of their funds they can loan
out, it's a valuable part of the market.
So you would have to look at the tiny
amount that he uses on himself and then
the huge
amount that's you know benefiting the
stocks of the company that he's with and
you know it's used to compensate people
for a good job and all that. So it's not
unproductive money. it's sitting there
doing work. Uh the amount that he can
spend in his entire lifetime will be a
tiny tiny
bit and what it really does is give him
uh let's say
influence. So if Bernie was talking
about the influence, then he'd have a
bigger point, which is, wow, you have
all this money, you can influence things
like politics. And then I would ask
myself, is he trying to influence things
in a negative way? Doesn't seem like it.
He He's not even fully MAGA because he's
not on board with
tariffs. You you can't be you can't be
opposed to Trump's tariffs. And I I
think it's fair to say that Musk is
opposed and, you know, somehow in the
bag. So my take on Musk is that he's not
all about supporting one side. He just
has a bunch of common sense things that
he supports and sometimes he can not
support it because of, you know, he's
got a different opinion on tariffs, for
example. Anyway, so that's what I do.
I'd compare everything that uh Musk has
added to society in terms of wealth and
taxes and everything else and I would
compare that to what Bernie Sanders has
added to
society which is
complaining. Why? Why has Bernie Sanders
added to
civilization?
Anything? Has he probably spent more
money than he's added? I think so.
because he raises money and he's it
probably costs a lot to fly around and
do his, you know, his big events he's
doing. So Bernie's added probably
nothing. He he's probably taken more
from
uh taxpayers than he's added in any kind
of value. So, so one of them has added
something like a trillion dollars to the
value of
America and the other has probably just
taken some money and left us with less.
That's my guess. Do you remember seeing
uh speaking of the Maryland dad? You
know, the Maryland dad who may or may
not be an MS13 guy, the one who was
accidentally shipped to El Salvador.
Well, I kept hearing he had tattoos on
his fingers that said MS-13, but it
didn't really say MS13, so I was
confused. But now I have the answer
thanks to Breitbart News. Um, so what
Trump was showing when he showed a
picture of the Maryland dad's hand,
there was a tattoo on his finger and it
was like a marijuana leaf and a smiley
face and a and then a cross and then a
skull. And some say that the the
marijuana leaf would be the letter M.
Um, the smiley face would be the letter
S for
smiley and the cross would be the digit
one and then the skull that has three
holes in it. I guess you're not counting
the mouth would be uh a three. So that
really it was a way to say
MS13. Do you think that's true?
Do you think his tattoo actually was
intended to say MS-13 in a clever
way? I don't
know. It's possible that people are
reading too much into it. It could be
just four of his favorite things, but it
does feel like it could be MS13. I I'd
have to know if anybody else had used
that same imagery. If other MS13 people
use it, then obviously it is.
So, we don't
know. So, let's uh check in with
Democrats who hate other Democrats. My
favorite category. So, as you know,
Andrew Cuomo
um disgraced exgovernor of New York. Uh
when I say disgraced, that's usually a
compliment because I'm disgraced, too.
But, uh he might be looking at running
for president. We don't know. But uh he
he says the extreme wing of the
Democratic party can't possibly win and
they're going to have to learn their
lesson. And he says that AOC is in that
category of the the people who are too
extreme on the Democrat party and
therefore can't possibly win. So
Cuomo doesn't like the the Democrats
left side. Then of course there's Eric
Adams who recently became an
independent, he hated Democrats so much.
And uh when he was talking to Laura
Trump on uh or Laura Trump on Fox, he
said uh one of the big mistakes that's
being made in some parts of the far-left
philosophy is that ICE is a criminal
organization. And he defended ICE as a
you know a proper law enforcement
organization. So, Eric Adams doesn't
love the far-left of the Democrats.
Neither does Andrew Cuomo. Let's check
in with James Garville. Oh, yeah. James
Garville does not
like the far left. And he uh called out
the DNC vice chair David Hog, who's a
very young guy specifically, and I guess
Carville referred to him as quote, "a
contemptable little twerp.
that and that's the vice chair of the
DNC. So, he's too far left for Carville.
Now, what did uh David Hog respond
with? Well, he said that James Carville
has not won an election since before I
was
born, which is a pretty good line.
Pretty good line. Uh he says these are
the same ones that had$2 billion dollars
to win an election and still lost.
So, his uh his response is pretty good.
Um, but let me tell you what I'm hoping
for. I'm hoping that the uh 2028 ticket
for the the Democrats is David Hog and
Tim Wallace because then the ticket
would be the
Hogwalts and it would remind me of a
dancing pig. Hog Walls.
dancing pig, right? So, what would be
better than than having a dancing pig
running
for running for the Democrat uh
presidential
uh primary? Um, and they could run they
could let me give them an idea on, you
know, what kind of a platform to run on.
I think they should run on implementing
their 2080 project where they they
satisfy 20% of the country and piss off
80%. And that seems to be the Democrat
preferred strategy. So hog
walls for 2028 running on the 2080
project. That's what I think they should
do. And of course, you know, Bill Maher
is not crazy about AOC and the uh said
that Bernie and AOC are shiny objects.
Uh it's political theater and they can't
win elections. So Bill Maher doesn't
like the far left. What about Stephen A.
Smith? He's not crazy about the far left
because he thinks they're he he wants
more common sense in his uh in his
world. And then of course you remember
Ezra
Klene and was it Derek Thompson, his
co-author? They they made a lot of news
basically saying that Democrats have
done everything
wrong and they need some Democrats in
charge who actually know how to spend
money to actually get things done. So we
got
that. So in the context of basically
Democrats are eating themselves, um
there was a poll according to the
gateway pundit Cassandra McDonald is
writing about this and who ran this
poll? The Yale youth poll of registered
voters and that says that the the people
polling the best to be the next Democrat
leaders are Kamla Harris, AOC and Buddha
Judge.
So that's who's pulling the best.
Um, now obviously that's more of a name
recognition thing. So you're going to
say to yourself, "But Scott, that's just
name recognition. It's not telling you
anything." Well, have you heard of a guy
named uh Governor Gavin
Newsome? He's got really good name
recognition. How'd he do? Well, 6%. So
he was way behind um Buddha Judge with
14 and Okazio with 21 and uh I guess
Harris at
28. But you say to yourself, Scott, the
these serious Democrats,
um you know, they'll make some noise
when it's important. And you're waiting
for Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro
because he seems to be very capable. Uh
he came in behind Nuome at
5%. But what about Arizona Senator Mark
Kelly? He seemed like a serious middle-
of the road guy, Democrat. He got 4%. JB
Pritsker and Mark Cuban and Gretchen
Whitmer and Andy Basher had a four-way
tie for seventh
place.
So again, it's really just name
recognition.
But if you have name recognition and you
can't top the top three, such as Gavin
Newsome can't, I would say Gavin
Newsome's
presidential prospects are pretty low at
this point. Pretty low. So I wouldn't I
wouldn't bet on
him. We might be surprised that somebody
like Josh Shapiro, you know, wins a
primary just by being good at it. So
once the primary begins for 2028, all
bets are
off. Um, according to uh the
Postmillennials reporting on what Trump
says about his tariff deals in China, he
so Trump believes or let me say it this
way. Trump says, I don't know what he
actually believes because I can't read
his mind. Uh, he says, quote, I would
think over the next three or four weeks,
I think maybe the whole thing would be
concluded. meaning a a tariff agreement
or a free trade not free trade a trade
agreement with China. How many of you
believe that within one month there will
be a trade agreement with China that
both China and the United States
accept? Does anyone think that's going
to
happen? I think the odds of that are
kind of close to zero.
Um, so Trump says that Chinese officials
have been reaching out and there's been
a lot of a lot of back and forth um at
the top level. You know, not quite
President Xi level, but uh close enough
that he thinks he's got a
deal. Um, now I'm going to I'm going to
predict against it. I don't think
there'll be any deal in a month. I don't
think there'll be a deal in two
months. And three months is when that's
the 90-day period, right? So that's when
he's trying to get everything done. I
don't feel like he's going to have it
done in three months
either. So,
um I like his
optimism and and maybe the optimism is
well placed. I don't know. But I don't
believe any of that. I would bet against
it because I don't think we're close.
You know, it's not like you can imagine
a deal where you say, "Oh, yeah, China
will just open up everything and stop
stealing our IP." And none of that's
going to
happen. That I don't think I don't even
think they're close. And I don't think
they'll be close in 3 months. So, I
don't know what's going to
happen. But what I don't expect to
happen is that in 30 days, he's going to
wrap up an agreement that China likes
and we like. I don't know. You just
don't believe
it. Well, Michael Shelonburgger and his
publication Public
um is talking about uh there's a former
CIA
uh fellow named John Kira Cao who I've
mentioned before. So, you've seen him
probably a lot on social media, John
Kiraau. So, he used to be in the CIA and
he's got, you know, lots of uh sort of
context and background stuff. And he
believes, I don't know what his evidence
for this is, but he believes that it
wasn't so much the FBI that started the
Russia collusion hoax that that really
the uh the Clinton campaign started. Um,
and the way it's been reported, it seems
like the FBI was kind of, you know,
pushing it a little bit, but ex CIA guy
John
Kira believes that John Brennan of the
CIA was responsible for the origin of
it.
Now, I don't know his evidence for that,
but if anybody ever looked more like
they were
guilty, John Brennan has the guiltiest
face you've ever seen in your life. Uh,
and it's hard for me not to not to be
influenced by that because he just looks
like a bad guy. Like if you were going
to cast a
movie, you would cast him as the
ultimate bad guy because his face just
looks like a hundred years of bad
business. So I don't know. This is uh
one person's opinion, but it agrees with
my hunches that the CIA was uh very
involved in that.
Um, according to the Daily Wire, there's
an MSNBC host, uh, Simone Sanders, who
says that, uh, black American
citizens will be next in line if
deportations are allowed to
continue. I love how crazy the Democrats
have gotten. And by the way, I think
Simone Sanders is much like Eric Adams.
I think she decided to go independent
cuz she even she couldn't support
Democrats. But she says that it's a
slippery slope uh and that the next
thing that'll happen is black Americans
will get
deported.
Now I think the odds of that are exactly
zero. But do you think anybody believes
that? Like, how many viewers of MSNBC
hear that and go,
"Huh, I think they're gonna start
shipping black people back to
Africa. Where would we even Where would
you even depart deep? Where would you
even, you know, send anybody? You deport
them to where?" So, no, you don't have
to worry about black American citizens
being deported. That's not going to
happen.
Uh, I will I will help you march in the
street, black Americans, if anything
like that happens. So, don't worry.
We'll be on your side. It's not going to
happen. Well, the uh housing and urban
development headquarters, a HUD, is for
sale because it's falling apart.
This is funny too that the the group
that's in charge of housing uh housing
and urban development, they they
couldn't maintain their own building. So
their own building is barely habitable.
It's just falling apart. So uh the Trump
administration is just going to sell it
because hardly anybody was coming to
work anyway. They were working from
home. So they don't need that big
building anyway. But the fact that uh
the housing and urban development
couldn't even keep their own
building habitable is hilarious to
me. Well, Scott Presler
uh reminds us that there are eight
states that automatically send out mail
in ballots to every voter, meaning you
don't have to request it. You just sit
there and it shows up. Now, as you might
imagine, that increases the odds of
fraud. And a lot of people would say
that's why they're doing it. It
increases the odds of fraud. Um, but
here are the
states. Of course, they're all blue
states. California, Colorado, Hawaii,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Vermont, and
Washington. So, every one of them sends
out all the ballots to everybody. And I
don't know how many of them are in favor
of not having ID or in favor of not
requiring it, but I'll bet it's most of
them. Now, it's really hard
to imagine that there's any other reason
for this than
fraud. Can Can you imagine
that? Oh, now I'm jealous of the other
Scott.
Um, can you even imagine that? Like what
would be the other reasons? I think they
argue about, oh, otherwise it'll be
suppression of the black vote because
they can't get IDs and uh somehow they
wouldn't know how to request a ballot or
something. So they have, you know, some
super racist reasons why they need it.
But as Scott Presler notes, uh, all of
them have a mechanism to defeat that
rule by amendment or statute or veto
except for, I guess, Hawaii and Vermont.
So he thinks the GOP should be doing
more in those states to try to defeat
it. But I think, you know, that's tough
because the GOP would have a minority in
each of those
states. Well, the uh the global
engagement center has been closed. How
many of you would even know the
importance of that? If I if I said to
you, the Global Engagement Center is
completely going to be shut down and
defunded and everybody's fired, would
you think that was a big deal or does
that sound like a minor little thing,
bureaucratic thing that means nothing to
you?
Well, this is this is one of the
problems with some of the biggest
stories in the news is that if you don't
know the complexity of the full
backstory, it wouldn't mean much to you.
But here's what we know. Um, and Natalie
Winters and the war room are um talking
about this. And uh Mike Benton did an
interview with Marco Rubio talking about
it because Rubio in the State Department
um was in charge of the global
engagement center and has closed it
completely. Apparently there was an
earlier attempt to close it and and it
just uh all Biden did was change the
name of
it, but it's the same entity, so they're
they're going to close it. So here is
the problem.
Um, according to Grock,
um, so according to Grock, Rubio claimed
that the global, uh, what's it called?
Global engagement center was uh,
originally their goal was to uh, deal
with misinformation or disinformation
coming from countries like Russia and
China. Now, if you heard that we had
something that was dealing with the
disinformation coming in
from let's say uh you know nonallied
countries, you'd say hm that sounds
pretty important some like something we
should
do. U but eventually it was misused to
suppress the free speech of
Americans. So, we were paying
taxes that were going to fund the global
engagement center and some of our taxes
were used to suppress our own free
speech really. and in a massive way, not
not once or you know not one person or a
small group of people but
massively to completely censor and
remove our ability to have freedom of
speech
basically. And um he said the office
quote spent millions of dollars to
actively silence and censor the voices
of of Americans they were supposed to be
serving. Now Elon Musk had uh once
called the GZ the quote worst offender
in the US government censorship and
media manipulation.
So, um, yeah, this is, uh, this is one
of the most evil entities in the
government, one of the most evil
entities in the United States because
anything that is doing a direct attack
on freedom of
speech, that's the most dangerous thing
happening because if you lose that,
everything else falls apart.
So, it was initially closed, as I said
before, in December of 2024,
uh, after
Congress, which was
Republicanled, decided to defund it. So,
even defunding it didn't kill it because
the Biden administration rebranded it as
the R- Fiimi office. It retained the
same staff and mission. It didn't even
change. And so Rubio finally got full
control and he's just ripping it up by
the roots. So there won't be anything
left. They can't rebrand it because it's
just going to be
gone. All right. Then there's the uh
Supreme Court decisions and those
Venezuelan gangs. Now here again, I have
to go to Grock as I did for the last
story to try to figure out what's the
deal.
So, here's what the I'll see if I can do
I think I'm going to do this wrong. So,
all the lawyers watching are going to be
slapping your heads and saying, "No,
he's got this wrong." But I'll do my
best. And and maybe the lesson here is
that it's too complicated for the public
to follow. Uh if if I screw this up,
trust me, you're not going to have much
better luck because it's complicated.
But in uh early April, the Supreme Court
made a decision that uh they didn't rule
on the constitutionality of using what
Trump is using, the Alien Enemies Act to
get rid of the Venezuelan gangs. Um
instead, he said that uh they must the
detainees must receive notice of the
removal within a reasonable time and in
a manner allowing them to seek habius
relief. Now, do you think I had to look
up what habius relief is? Yes, I did.
So, this is a double gro. First, what
what were they saying? And then, what
does any of that mean? So, abus relief
means uh just that you have a legal
remedy. You have the ability to go to
court and challenge whatever is
happening. So every single gang member
according to the Supreme Court should
have the right to have their day in
court so that they they can't just be
deported as a group. They would each
have to have their day in court.
Um
then on April 19th, so just
yesterday, in a rare overnight order,
the Supreme Court uh blocked Trump from
deporting these Venezuelan people who
were in a specific detention center. So
the Blue Bonnet detention facility in
Texas.
Um, and this followed an emergency
appeal by the ACLU saying that they did
not get their due process, which was
that ABS
stuff. Um, so that's where we are. So
the the president of the United States
who should have total domain control
over who's in the country and who is not
um has been totally um kneecapped by the
Supreme Court saying, "Oh yeah, you can
do all those things you say you can do,
but you can't take away the the right of
every single person to have their day in
court, even though they're not not even
citizens, but they're residents. So
residents get their day in court too. Um
Bill Aman has a comment on this. He says
uh on ax he said a nation in which one
administration can allow millions of
unvetted illegal migrants into the
country but requires that a court vet
each deportation decision in an
individually adjudicated case will soon
lose the values of our democratic system
was intended to preserve. So basically,
it's a doom path. So the Supreme Court
has created a situation that we can't
fix a really bad problem because if we
can't deport them as a group and say,
"Hey, here's a bunch of, you know,
u gang guys, um, if every single one of
them gets a day in court, it just will
be impossible."
So, I guess that's going to be
challenged, too. But, and then the
Supreme Court is also going to hear a
birthright citizenship
case. So, I wouldn't expect that to go
the way you think you want it to go. I I
suspect the Supreme Court will uphold
the current situation that if you're
born on our soil, you're an American
citizen, then there's nothing that will
change that. So I don't
expect good news on that
front. All
right.
Um Republican uh there's a story that uh
in
Reuters David Morgan Reuters Reuters is
writing that uh Senator
Marowski is worried about threats from
Trump to retaliate if she doesn't do
what he wants him to do. and uh she said
that uh the threat of political
retaliation from Trump is real enough to
make her anxious about speaking out
about his tariffs, executive orders, and
stuff like that. She said, quote, "We
are all afraid," she told a summit of
nonprofit leaders. "Um, it's quite a
statement, but we're in a time and a
place where I certainly have not been
here before," she said. And I'll tell
you, I am oftenimes very anxious myself
about using my voice because retaliation
is real and that's not
right.
Well, I'm not a big fan of
retaliation, but I would say it's
probably been a feature of the
government since the government began.
Do you think there's ever been a time
when you could go against the leaders of
the government and not have a push
back? I don't know. So, I'm not going to
say it's good or bad or moral or ethical
or legal. Uh, you can make your decision
on that. I'll just make a
persuasion
observation, which I've made before, but
you can see it really clearly in this
case. One of the things that Trump does
best persuasion wise, and again, you can
judge whether the outcome is ethical or
moral or or not. That's, you know, you
can make that decision. But just in
terms of technique,
um, you should leave, you should make
the biggest gap between pleasing you and
not pleasing you. And this is a
technique I first noticed in my
corporate days. It was somebody I worked
with who was really good at making sure
that if you did what she wanted, she
would tell your boss that you you should
get a promotion and maybe a raise.
Sometimes she would bring you flowers.
She would sing your praise to other
people like, "Wow, what a great person,
best in the whole office, blah blah
blah." So if you did what she wanted, no
matter what it was, and she and she
wanted a lot. She wasn't a top leader.
She was an engineer. Actually, she was
the engineer that my character Alice in
the comic strip is based on. But she was
really good at persuasion.
So if you did what she
wanted, you you would actually just get
promoted and she wasn't even your boss.
She would literally call a meeting with
your boss just to tell your boss how
awesome you are. So imagine what effect
that has on your career. Pretty good,
right? And she would do it consistently.
But if you didn't do what she
wanted, she might also call a meeting
with your supervisor to say that, you
know, if you would rel if you would get
rid of this person, everything would
work better cuz you know this person is
blocking all progress. So that is a big
difference. In both cases, she would
talk to your boss guaranteed. In one
case, she would push for you to get
promoted or or a raise, and in the other
case, she would push for you literally
to be fired, and then she would trash
talk you to anybody who would listen.
And it was super effective. So, it was
this gigantic gap that everybody came to
understand between making her happy and
and not. And so show so she got so much
done compared to other
people. But that's what Trump does. He
creates the biggest gap between making
him happy in which he will sing your
praises and be loyal to you forever and
being what he would call disloyal, I
guess, and uh he would advocate for you
to be fired and sidelined and retired.
So again, you can make your own
decisions about how moral or ethical
that is. I'm only talking about
effectiveness. Super
effective. Super super effective. So I
don't think it's great that there's a
sitting senator who's on the same side
at least sometimes um who's afraid of
acting. On the other hand, there needs
to be some kind of responsibility. There
needs to be some kind of guard rail.
There needs to be some kind of a
um response if you're not helping the
system. And given that most of what
Trump is doing is 8020 stuff, meaning
that it's stuff the public wants. Um
maybe the people who are preventing
Trump from doing something that's an
8020, maybe they should be
afraid. Maybe they should be quaking a
little bit. Now, if the issue were
closer and let's say Trump was trying to
do something that was actually not
popular, well then I don't think they
should be p punished in any way for
opposing something that the public also
opposes. But if the public really wants
something, let's let's say they support
immigration um or deportation. If the
public wants it and you've decided that
for whatever reason you're going to try
to go against the public and that ends
up being against Trump at the same time
and then Trump does something to
retaliate, who's he retaliating for?
Well, you could say he's doing it for
himself, but he would only do it if the
public wanted him to do it to to remove
this obstacle.
So, as long as Trump is on the same side
as the public,
um I don't really care how afraid other
people
are, if he if he wants to make the
people on his own team Republicans, if
he wants to make them afraid because
they're going against the will of the
people, maybe they should be
afraid. Maybe that's the most natural
state of things. and maybe he's just the
only one who has the balls to to make it
overt and obvious and just bring it in,
you know, bring it into politics
completely. So, I guess that's where I
stand. As long as Trump is on the same
side as the majority of the public,
which he likes to be, then if he's
scaring people who would disagree with
him, he's scaring people who disagree
with the public, and they should be a
little bit afraid. They should be
worried about their jobs and they got a
lot of explaining to do. So, I don't
mind it at
all. Well, Meta is uh uh in legal
dispute about copyrights and uh the
training of its AI. And apparently
Meta's argument is that it's okay to um
train its AI on copyrighted books
because they have no economic value.
This is according to Frank Landymore
writing for
futurism. Now do you believe that that
copyrighted books have no economic
value? Now what they mean specifically
is no economic value for the training.
So that's not no economic value to
readers, it's no economic value to the
training.
And um there might be something to that
because if you were look at any
individual book and you looked at all
the training that an AI does, you
couldn't really pick out any value that
an individual book had. Uh you know,
they would all they would all get lost
into meaningless nothing if if you were
trying to figure out all right, what did
this one book add to this AI? almost
nothing. But I would argue since I'm an
author that there are some books that do
actually move the needle, I would argue
that my books
um add economic value to the AI. So for
example, the AI thanks to me would
understand what a talent stack is.
the AI, thanks to me, would understand
that systems are better than goals and
why. And if somebody asked questions
about their um you know, how to organize
their uh
future, there's a very good chance that
the AI would use some of those ideas
because they're they're proven to be
effective and popular.
Now, would you say that my books have no
economic value to the AI model if it
actually becomes the opinion of the AI?
I'm pretty sure if you asked for advice,
there's a pretty good chance that some
of my book advice would end up in the
AI's
mouth. But most books would not. Most
books just don't have any, you know,
lasting value that way. But mine do.
They're written they're written to have
lasting value to lots of people. What
about uh my book on
reframing? I'm pretty sure that there
are some reframes in my book that the if
the AI knew all of them. It would at one
point or another give us as an advice
and it would be something only that came
out of that book. It wouldn't be
anywhere else. What about my book on my
book win bigly? that teaches about
Trump's
persuasion. A while ago, I told you this
already. I asked Perplexity, which is
one of the AIS. Um, I asked it what my
contribution to politics was. And it
said that I had changed politics from
being about policies to being about
persuasion.
Now, that's because of my books or other
things that AI could train on, such as
videos on YouTube or whatever. So, do I
really not contribute anything to what
AI can add? I would argue that some
books are way different than other
books. And I wouldn't be the only author
who's, you know, saying things that are
useful, but I don't think you can say
all books are useless or at least not
useless, but rather that they're uh you
know, just a tiny little bit of the
training. So if you look at any one
book, it doesn't make much difference. I
don't think that's true. I think that
there are a small number of books, I
don't know how many, that have an
unusually large impact and will have a
ripple effect probably for a long
time. So, we'll see how that goes.
Meanwhile, um according to interesting
engineering,
uh the US now has a drone, a you
basically an airplane on uh without a
pilot that has a 7,000mi range and has a
pretty nasty uh uh
laser. So, the laser can be scalable up
to 300 kilowatts in the future.
So it seems to me so and obviously the
idea is that this thing will be shooting
down other drones for the most part.
Um it seems to me that we we're in a
weird situation because we need two
completely different
militaries. So you know I'm hearing a
lot of talk about decreasing the
military budget and I'm all for that.
But I'll bet if you dug in, what you
would find is that you need a certain
amount of money just to maintain the
military we
have. And then you need a whole bunch of
new money to build this completely new
military that will be nothing but drones
and lasers and robot dogs with machine
guns. So it's a completely different
military.
So, for a while, we're going to have to
fund two completely different military
concepts. One is our traditional stuff
that we have because we you know you
don't want to lose your submarines and
your your nuclear triad and you know at
the moment you still need your long
range bombers and you know probably want
to keep your tanks just in case but in
all likelihood the future of warfare is
the new stuff. So we're going to have to
fund two completely different
militaries. one making drones like crazy
and robot dogs with machine guns and and
laser based
things. At the same time, we keep the
old stuff
running just until the new stuff can do
everything. So, it's a double military.
I don't think there's any way we can get
around it.
in my book
uh God's Debris the um complete works
that includes my book the religion war a
key component of it and this was a um a
future prediction so this is long before
drones were part of our world um I
predicted that there would be laser
platforms and that the platform would be
sort of like a
uh um a
battleship uh or an aircraft carrier is
today. So, it'd be basically a platform
for other weapons, but in this case, it
would be a platform that you would just
put off the coast of the United States,
you know, near near the coast, and it
would be be this just gigantic laser
system that would be able to laser
anything that came within a 100 miles of
it. So that you you defectively build a
uh protective
dome that's a gigantic platform that
just floats in the ocean and mostly it's
just a giant laser and probably nuclear
driven. But it would have to be so good
that it could literally just shoot
anything that got near it because
otherwise, you know, you don't want a
hypersonic missile to take it out on day
one. So I think you're going to see
that. I think I think you'll see lasers
on ships and you'll see lasers on all
kinds of drones, but if you want a
really really big laser, one that really
can protect, let's say, all of
Washington DC,
um I think it's going to be something
like a gigantic just floating platform
that doesn't have anything except a
little bit of human maybe maybe none,
maybe no humans and a gigantic laser
capabilities. So that's my
prediction. According to science, I saw
this in a Mario post. Uh I guess it
comes from nature mental health and
scitecies writing about it. Um there's a
huge study, half a million people that
uh for people who are obese and stay
that way for years, their brain actually
shrinks and they have memory loss and
weaker thinking skills and their brain
area literally shrinks. Now, I'm not
sure I would have um guessed that if
they asked me, so I I'm not going to say
just ask Scott next time, but I wonder
if that's
sugar. Um, I wonder if the obesity per
se is the problem or that you end up you
only get that way if you eat too much
sugar and it's the sugar that eats your
brain. I don't know. But, uh, I do
believe this there's probably something
to this one. So if you look at half a
million people and the people who were
uh heavy and stayed that way had smaller
brains and you know memory loss and
weaker reasoning, I feel like that might
be
real. So if you have a chance, you might
want to take off the
pounds. Um according to Tibu Puy, I
don't even know what that is. uh
researchers looked at 10,000 studies and
found that cannabis could actually fight
cancer. Now, it's not proven. It's just
highly indicated by 10,000 studies. And
u and they're they're talking about not
just helping the symptoms, but actually
stopping tumor
growth. Now, my guess is that if it
stopped cancer completely, we would know
that by now. somebody would have smoked
their way to to health. So, I don't
think it works that well, but maybe it
works a little bit. Who
knows? This is fun. According to uh
Martin Luther Hely Whittenberg,
um there's a study that says that you
can stimulate the brain with sensors.
you know, you put little sensors on
people's head and you can stimulate the
brain just right and it could speed up
decision
making. Now, it's not a gigantic
difference, but they're pretty sure that
they can speed up decision making by
putting sensors uh on your head,
electrodes on your head, on your scalp.
Now, my idea is that the Cheesecake
Factory could get these these uh sensors
and they would pass them out with the
menu so that if you're a quick decision
maker and you were somebody who's not a
good decision maker and they're looking
at the cheesecake menu with 10,000
choices that uh you could just turn on
the turn on the electrodes like here
here you go. You turn on the electrodes
and they'll be like, "Well, I'll have
the
pasta." That's my
hope. If if you could speed up the
decision- making on the Cheesecake
Factory menu, we'd all be
happier. And uh just in, and this is uh
this is a big surprise,
uh the Pope has called for a Gaza
ceasefire. So, believe it or not, the
Pope is against war. I wonder what the
Pope thinks about Ukraine and and
Russia. H I'm going to guess that the
Pope would call for a
ceasefire. I'm wondering what would the
Pope think about the situation with the
Hoodies?
H I'm going to guess he would be in
favor of a ceasefire.
Uh, I think the Pope only has one
speed. We don't like war, so you should
cut out that
war. But at least he's consistent. You
don't want a pope that's sometimes you
wouldn't want a surprising pope, would
you? He's He's boring, but in exactly
the way he should be, which is he's just
against war. Are you against war today?
Yes, I am. Were you against war
yesterday? Yes, I was. Uh, I'm going to
take a chance and say that you'll be
against the next war. I'll bet he will
be or she, whoever is the next
pope. All right, ladies and gentlemen,
that's all I had for you on this Easter.
I'm going to say a few words privately
to the people on locals and the rest of
you. I hope you enjoyed the uh the hour
of the only new creative stuff you're
going to see today probably except for
the basketball playoffs that are later.
And uh so I'll see the rest of you
tomorrow. Same time, same place if
you're on X or YouTube or Rumble.
Otherwise, locals, I'm coming at you.