It's Sunday. Time for a
show. We'll get everything working
[Music]
here. Good morning everyone and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to try taking your experience
up to levels that nobody's even
understanding with their tiny shiny
human brains. For that, all you need is
a cup or a mug or a glass of tank or
shelter in a canteen jug or flask or
vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure.
The dopamine of the day thing makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip and happens now. Go.
Ah,
spectacular. That's good
stuff. Well, I wonder if there's any
science studies that didn't need to
happen. Oh, here's
one. According to Sai Post, Eric Dolan
is writing, there's a new study in the
British Journal of
Psychology that says that uh uh that
entertainment is a key to populist
political
success. So if your candidate is very
entertaining, they will do better in
politics.
You know, you didn't really need to do
that
study. You could have asked me or really
anybody who's been alive for more than
10 minutes because yes, yes, an
entertaining candidate like uh Ronald
Reagan, for example, absolutely is going
to do better. Trump, of course. Yes. the
more entertaining you are, the better
you the better you draw people to you.
Um, and I don't think it's just the key
to populist political success. I think
it might be the key to all kinds of
political
success. Well, what else? Let's see. Uh,
oh, here we here we go. Uh, US companies
are avoiding hiring white men uh as part
of their diversity push according to the
Telegraph. Did you really need to study
that? That if companies are looking to
increase
diversity? Did you really not know that
that meant that they would be avoiding
hiring white
men? Again, they didn't need to study
it. Just ask me, Scott, do you think
diversity means hiring white men? And I
would say, no. Sounds like avoiding
hiding hiring white
men. Yeah, just ask. Next time I'll save
you a lot of time and
money. Well, according to uh the Daily
Wire, the uh group that's behind the
MCAT test, that's the test you take to
see if you get into medical school. Um
they said they were going to get rid of
DEI, but according to insiders, they
were lying and all they were going to do
is hide the fact that they were totally
going to do DEI.
So, according to the Daily Wire, on the
surface, the group uh that administers
the MCAT looks like they left DEI behind
because they sort of scrub the those
words from their materials, but behind
the scenes is working on plans to
secretly push the ideology.
Turns out that as far as I can tell,
every big
company is just waiting for the Trump
administration to be done. So it looks
like nobody's really getting rid of
DEI. Maybe Target, you know, maybe maybe
you John Deere, but basically I would
bet that 80 to 90% of the companies or
organizations that say they're getting
rid of DEI are lying. Just lying. and
violating the law like crazy because DEI
is racism and it's, you know,
non-constitutional. And
uh I've got a I've got a fear that even
though it looks like Trump got rid of
DEI, I'm not so sure. I think maybe he
made a 10% dent in it and the moment
he's
gone, it will just come back, you know,
stronger than ever. That's what it looks
like. Well, ABC News has a cool story
about 3D printed houses. Now, you know
that there have been 3D printed houses
for a while, but the ones you've seen
probably look like cement. You know,
some big big machine that's making
cement walls. Well, there's a new type
that uses just uh waste wood. So all the
sawdust that's created from real wood
and uh they take all that sawdust and
they put it together with corn and resin
and they make a 3D printer and they make
a bio home. I guess it takes a week to
create a home and it's made of material
that's stronger than concrete and is
completely recyclable.
So, if you take the appliances out of
the house, you can recycle the whole
house and turn it back into a 3D printer
material. That's
wild. So, that's kind of
cool. At the same time, and uh there's
another company that's got 3D printed
houses, but the way they're doing it is
they make uh the blocks. They're
interconnecting like Legos. So instead
of printing the whole house, they print
the parts and you can snap it together
yourself. Now I would like to
reiterate my idea for 3D printed houses.
Whichever kind of technology you use to
get your cheap little
house, the real secret would be how you
organize the
homes. Um, this is something I learned
in college. I've used this example
before. In college, I had the worst
physical room of my life, which was, you
know, shared with another person. It was
just a little cinder block room with one
window and the bathroom was down the
hall. But it was my probably best
lifestyle because I was surrounded by
people like me who had stuff to do, you
know, sports and classes and it was a
great experience. Now, if you imagine
you, let's take some federal land and
you started building some of these 3D
homes, the important part would be that
you make little uh little units within a
community where the people have a lot in
common. So, one would be people with
kids. So, you'd make one little one
little neighborhood where everybody just
has a kid. Another neighborhood where
everybody's single, another neighborhood
where there's a lot of tech people,
another one where there's some retired
people. Because if you put people
together who have a lot in common, the
physical surroundings become way less
important. Way less important. So you
can make an awesome lifestyle that's
fairly inexpensive by just organizing
who is where instead of just, you know,
the materials you use in the house.
That's what I think. Well, according to
futurism, which is a publication, a
website I guess um there was a recent
experiment by researchers at Carnegie
Melon where they tried to create a
company
uh that was entirely run by
AI. So there would be AI agents for each
job. So they would staff the uh the AI
company with uh instead of humans they
would give it an AI agent to be you know
sales one to be engineering one to be
whatever and so they created this thing
and then they just let it run um without
human interaction to see how all the AI
agents would perform. How do you think
it went?
Do you think they became a unicorn cuz
the AI is so smart and then they sold it
for a billion
dollars? No. Turns out it was a gigantic
cluster
 and nothing worked and the AI
started lying and absolutely none of it
worked. So even though they used various
different AIs, uh none of the AI
agents actually did anything
useful. So we're not quite ready to run
a company with AI.
Well, I guess last night was the White
House correspondence dinner and uh Trump
and probably most of the Trump insiders
did not go and I think it turned out to
be the most low energy event of all time
because it used to be, you know, the
president would go, whoever the
president is, then a comedian would make
really edgy jokes and then the next day
it would be everybody talking about all
the edgy jokes. It's like, "Oh, can you
believe that that comedian said that
right in front of the president?" But
instead, they just gave themselves
awards for uh somebody got an award for
writing about Biden's mental
decline. Do you do you think anybody was
writing about Biden's mental decline
while he was in office? I don't think
so.
If you're giving somebody an award for
writing about it after he's out of
office, I don't know if you deserve that
award, that would be like the opposite
of what you should get. You should get a
kick in the ass, not an
award. And then I guess the uh the new
leader of the White House correspondents
um did a speech in which he wanted you
to know that uh they are not the enemy
of the people. the press is not the
enemy of the people. To which I
say, what's your criteria for that?
Because you certainly look like the
enemy of the people to me. So, how do
you score that? Is there some objective
criteria by which you can say, "Oh,
you're not the enemy of the people." Oh,
I I see based on your performance. But
if you actually just looked at what the
press has done over the last, I know
several years, it certainly looks like
enemy, you know, because my friends will
tell me the truth and my enemies will
lie to me. What is the press done more
of? Telling me the truth or lying to me?
Lying to me. So, how in the world do I
declare that they're not my enemy if
they're lying to me about the most
important things in the world?
No, I would consider that an enemy.
Sorry. Speaking of enemies, James
Carville is complaining that Bernie
Sanders and AOC are starting to define
the Democrat party. Fox News is
reporting on this.
Now, I love the fact that Carville, as
you know, as crazy old coup as he is,
he's still probably, you know, one of
the smartest ones in the Democrat party
in terms of strategies. And he's
completely right that having uh Bernie
and AOC define the party and chasing
after oligarchs is a really bad idea.
But the other thing Carville says, he
says that Democrats have candidates who
are quote staggeringly more talented
than Bernie and
AOC. Well, who would they be? Maybe he
should give us some names. I think he's
named them before. But if they're
staggeringly more
talented, do they need a boost? Or
wouldn't we know their names already?
Wouldn't all their talent have allowed
them to break away from the pack and be
obvious? And yet, I can't think of one.
Which uh which Democrat is staggeringly
talented? I don't know. All right, let's
look at the fake news. Um, you may have
seen that the uh President uh Trump and
his wife went to the Pope's funeral and
you probably saw a bunch of news
coverage and social media saying that
Trump wore a blue suit when the dress
code was for black suits and so
therefore he was being disrespectful to
the Pope and the entire Catholic
religion.
Well, of course, there were lots of
people who didn't wear black for a
variety of reasons. There were other
blue suits. There were gray suits. There
were there were um there were Muslim
traditional outfits. Uh and the uh the
dress code was for a dark suit. There
was no dress code for a black suit.
There was a dress code for a dark suit
and he had a dark blue. So, that is fake
news. He was not violating any norms. He
was just wearing a nice suit. Yeah. And
if you see a uh a wide shot, you see
there was a whole bunch of people in
blue suits. So, he wasn't the only one
either. Uh there's more fake news. Let's
see. Uh Sunny Hosten tried to create
this and MSNBC is trying to create this
one. Out of nothing. So, when the
Republicans started noodling about a
$5,000 bonus to pay to uh people who
have babies to encourage them to have
more babies, the Democrats turned that
into, "Oh, you mean you want more white
babies, you
racist?" To which every Republican said,
"Huh? Where'd that come from?"
I I haven't heard a single person on
social media or anywhere else say that
the $5,000 baby bonus was somehow either
intentionally or even
unintentionally aimed at white
babies. Now, where does that even come
from? It's just that they've got some
kind of, you know, terrible fever in
their brains, TDS, that they just
imagine out of
nothing that the idea of having more
American babies really meant having more
white babies. How in the world would you
even restrict it? Did Did they think
that um the Trump administration was
going to give no money to an Hispanic
Hispanic family who had been living here
for generations?
No, it's a baby bonus. It's not a white
baby
bonus. Literally, nobody's even
suggested that except Democrats, of
course. So, dumb old Joy Reed, the
dumbest person in media, uh she was back
making a little video in which she uh
she claimed the Roman Empire fell
because they had a lack of diversity.
Now, I'm no historian, but even I know
that Rome didn't fall because of a lack
of
diversity. Can you imagine being so so
boldly dumb that you would say that in
public that the reason the Roman Empire
fell was a lack of diversity?
So I saw a post by uh Paul
Sispula uh and he went to history.com
and asked it why the Roman Empire fell.
Here are the eight reasons. Invasions by
barbarians, economic troubles and
overall reliance on slave labor, the
rise of the Eastern Empire,
overexpansion and military overspending.
A lot of this is just overspending.
government corruption and political
instability, the arrival of the Huns and
the migration of the barbarian tribes,
Christianity and the loss of traditional
values, weakening of the Roman
legions. So basically everything except
diversity.
Uh you could argue that the diversity is
what destroyed it because when the
barbarians and the Huns uh and the
slaves, you know, were were filling
Rome,
uh that was pretty diverse and it was
also the end of Rome. Now, I'm not
saying that diversity is going to kill
Rome. I'm just
saying it went down at the same time it
had the most
diversity, but not because of it. It's
because of this other stuff. Well, the
uh thief who stole Christy Gnome's purse
when she was at a restaurant has been
captured. And uh just to make it fun,
the thief is an illegal
immigrant. And it makes me wonder how
did they catch the guy? So, he had a
mask on. So, presumably there was no
video that could catch his face. And uh
there were several theories I saw. One
was I think her phone was in her purse,
right? Did her phone get stolen? Cuz if
her phone was there, I guess they could
track her phone and go right to him. Um
or did they look for his phone? Maybe he
had a phone and they just checked to
see, you know, who was in the building
that day that was sketchy and also had a
phone. Maybe. or somebody else said
maybe uh he tried to use her credit
cards and that flagged something. But my
best guess is her phone was in the
purse and that might have been
enough. But have you noticed that when a
crime happens to somebody
famous? They always solve
it. But if a crime happens to you, the
police will say, "Ah, yeah, could be
anything. Let us know if you find
anything. There's nothing we can do. Air
tag. Maybe. Maybe she had an Apple Air
Tag in the purse. We haven't heard of
that, but
maybe. All right. Let's do a little uh
update on Trump becoming a
dictator. All right. So, this would be
based on the Democrat frame for things.
So, what are the Democrats looking at
that suggests that Trump is becoming an
authorit authoritarian Hitler dictator
guy? Um, he his administration has
recently, well, the Department of
Justice has arrested two judges for
harboring illegal
aliens. Is that like a
dictator or is that more like nobody's
above the law? because it does look like
both
judges quite obviously and somewhat
publicly uh violated the law by
harboring in one case having an illegal
alien in their own home and the other
case allegedly helping the illegal alien
escape from ICE after a court case uh
unsuccessfully. So I would say hm if
they broke the law and it's an important
law and they're going to make an example
out of them so that other people don't
think they can just protect illegal
aliens.
Um I would say that's not exactly too
dictator-like because it's very narrowly
aimed at people who broke actual
laws. And it wasn't long ago that the
Democrats were trying to put a uh a
candidate for president in jail,
actually even a president in jail for
all kinds of lawfare. So all that
lawfare against Trump apparently had
nothing to do with dictator anything.
But the moment the Department of Justice
under Trump arrests two judges who
clearly broke the law, well, dictator.
dictator. Uh then there's the case of
the Maryland dad who was accused of
being of MS-13 who was shipped to El
Salvador without what they call due
process. Now, we could argue all day
whether there was due process or not,
but how many think that that one case of
that one Maryland ad is an indication
that Trump's a dictator?
To me, it's just he's a guy who said he
would get rid of the criminals and and
he meant it. Apparently, he is. Um then
what about the negotiations with Ukraine
and Russia? I will admit that Trump
apparently is negotiating in a way that
would give Putin everything Putin wants.
I don't think there's anything that
Putin wants, you know, unless you think
he wants the rest of Ukraine, but he
probably doesn't. Um, because he got the
good
stuff. It does look like Trump is
negotiating on the side of the
dictator. Now, his
purpose is not necessarily to help
Putin. His purpose is to end the war.
And I think it's just common sense that
if you know Putin's not going to give
back
Crimea, he's not going to give back any
of those occupied
areas, why would you even waste your
time negotiating something that's not
going to happen? But the weird thing is
that Trump is
simultaneously being accused of being a
Neville Chamberlain, you know, the guy
who is negotiating peace with with a
Nazi but doesn't, you know, but trusts
Hitler to keep his word. And then he
turns out to be the biggest dumb guy in
all of history because who would have
trusted, you know, Hitler to keep his
word? But at the same time that Trump is
being accused of the guy who's letting
Hitler get away with too much, he's
actually being accused of being Hitler.
So he he's the first person in history
who's ever been accused of being Neville
Chamberlain and Hitler at the same time.
So I can't take any of that too
seriously. He did try to uh fire Jerome
Powell from the Fed, which would be most
people would say an overreach of his
position, but he gave up on that. So,
you know, that that was sort of a shot
across the bow, but nothing uh too
dictatorial that happened.
And uh then there's a new story here
from Axios that Attorney General Pam
Bondi is going to resume the practice of
seizing reporters phone records
uh in the narrow situation that there's
a leak and there's a leak to specific
reporters and
uh that would be a reversal of a Biden
rule that said they wouldn't take you
know they wouldn't investigate
reporters. I kind of like Biden's I like
Biden's take on this. I think you have
to leave the reporters alone even if
there's a leak. But uh Pam Bondi, etc.
is uh saying it would be a very narrow
search. So if they took the phones or
the devices of the reporters,
uh they wouldn't look at everything.
they'd just be looking for something
related to the leak that they were
investigating, but that's not good
enough. So, to me, that's a little uh
little little bit of an
overreach. I don't like him going after
the
press. Um, so those are the dictatorial
things. Did I miss anything? Did I miss
any other dictator stuff?
you know, even the uh the part where
Trump is trolling the world, saying that
he wants to, I don't know, take over
Canada and Greenland and, you know, he
wants to uh run again in
2028. I think the 2028 thing is mostly a
troll and I I think he said so
today. But uh and then the other stuff
just makes sense. You know, having more
military security with Greenland and uh
can the candidate part I feel like is
more troll than not. Although he swears
that he's serious about it, but that
just makes it funnier.
I don't think he's serious about it, but
he might be. He might be serious about
it. Well, Jamie
Rascin, a Democrat, he was on a Rachel
Maddo show and uh he said that the Trump
administration officials could be
arrested for quote interfering with a
legal proceeding or
kidnapping. I think that has to do with
the judges that were arrested. And uh I
saw Joel Pollock commenting on it that
uh Jamie Raskin just really wants to
arrest
people. He he he's been after trying to
arrest, you know, Republicans or Trump
or anybody close to him for the longest
time. So he's uh he's arrest him. Arrest
him. All right, let's look at the uh
Trump's first 100 days.
So depending who you talk to, it's
either the worst 100 days of any
president ever or it went pretty
well. Now, um I'm going to make
reference here to two bubble people. Uh
there's bubble boy Bill Maher who says
that MAGA voters won't admit how
disappointed they are in Trump's first
100
days. Really?
that that doesn't look like any reality
I'm aware of. I do see Republicans say
he didn't get enough done or this didn't
work or I I'm disappointed with that.
But they say it they say it publicly.
They don't hold back a bit. Um but more
often I'll hear people say that they
like what he did in the first 100 days.
And you know the the jury's out on some
of it because it's too early. Uh Rachel
Maddo said that uh quote, "It's all bad
for Trump. I don't know that we have
ever seen another first 100 days from
any president this roundly rejected and
hated by the American
people."
Really, what what bubble is that
happening
in? Where's the bubble where where
Trump's supporters are are rejecting
everything he's done?
So I think if you ask people they would
say something like if you asked
Republicans they'd say that Trump did a
great job on the border and continues to
do a great job in the border and that
was an existential threat. The border
problem was an end of America problem
and he solved that. That's a really big
deal.
um he took a real strong swipe at DEI
and maybe he got rid of it in the
government. Now, as I said before, I
think every private organization is just
pretending to get rid of it. So, I don't
think he had a big success there, but at
least he he put down the G put down the
flag. I don't know what's the right
analogy. He uh he he kind of drew the
line and said, "This is
illegal. If you do this, we will not
fund you. If you do this, you're
breaking or at least you're violating
the Constitution by being racist." That
part I love. I mean, you know, maybe you
didn't get the big win and eliminated
all at once, but it's certainly working
in the right direction compared to where
it was.
and Trump's negotiating with Iran for a
better deal. What if he gets it? I I'm
not going to predict it'll happen, but
what if he does? It's too early to know.
He's in negotiating with Ukraine and
with Russia to end that
war. Doesn't look like it's necessarily
going to work, but what if it does? It's
too It's too early to say it worked or
it didn't work. So the first 100 days is
a sort of a sketchy, stupid way to judge
anything. Um, what about the
tariffs? How how many of you are sure
that you can judge the the beginning and
the end of the
tariffs? How many of you would say, "Oh,
it's clear that the tariffs were a
gigantic
mistake. It's way too early. It's way
too early. He's using it as a
negotiating tool and you've got I don't
know 160 countries who said yes we do
want to negotiate which almost certainly
means better trade
deals. So what happens if
he if he gets better trade
deals?
So any sense that the first 100 days are
telling you anything is it's a real
propaganda gaslighting kind of
situation. You can't tell how he's doing
in a 100 days. And if you're looking at
his popularity with the public, well,
they're getting their cues from the
media.
So if you turn on the TV, the media is
pretty much saying that the tariffs are
the biggest, dumbest thing anybody ever
did. Are they right? What does the media
know about any of this? They don't know
what's going to happen. They don't know
what China is going to do. They don't
know if the negotiations are really
happening behind the scenes. They don't
know any of that. So this whole 100 day
thing is just stupid.
But the polls are looking uh not so
great for Trump. According to Just the
News, there's a new poll from Economist
Yuggov that uh Trump's approval is down
to
41%. And that would be a pretty big drop
from the last time at
48%. And then there's the I talked about
this yesterday, but there's a Fox News
poll that says that uh Democrats are
favorite to win the midterm.
which is new and almost certainly
because of the news coverage about Trump
and a lot of it about the tariffs I
would think.
Um but that's uh
2026 the midterms. Now does that
necessarily signal that he's failed if
the midterms go to the
Democrats? I don't know because the the
midterms almost always go to the party
that's not in control. I don't know how
many times there's been an exception to
that. So, if it's the most common thing
in the world that the midterms go to the
other
party, it's kind of hard to say that
it's because of what Trump's doing. But
timing is really important. So, here are
just a few of the things that might
happen. I'm not going to predict they
will happen, but they could happen
before the midterms. You might have a
peace deal in
Ukraine. How would that look on his
resume before the midterms? Pretty damn
good. You know, of course there would be
problems with the the peace deal holding
and there'd be cheating and stuff, but
if there was anything that looked like a
peace deal and we didn't have to send
them money and protect them anymore and
maybe we had a mineral deal, too, well,
it's going to look pretty good. Could he
get that done before the
midterms? Possibly. What about a uh
nuclear deal with Iran?
I think Iran is just dragging them
along. I don't I don't think that Iran
is necessarily committed to making a
deal, but they could. I I would say it's
not completely out of the question
because the uh the alternative is Trump
said very clearly that he wouldn't have
to be dragged into a war with Iran if
they if they don't make a deal. He says
he would very willingly be leading that
war. And that's pretty scary. So maybe
he's threatening Iran enough they could
get an actual good deal. Maybe before
the midterms. What What if he negotiates
a better deal with China and our other
major trading partners before the
midterms? It's not going to be worse
than the current deals, right? It it
seems unlikely that he would negotiate
worse trade deals. So wouldn't it look
like the tariffs worked if he let's say
in I don't know 4 months or something
we've got a little disruption we've got
a you know some shortages over the
summer but manageable you know we figure
out a way around it and then when we're
done we've got much better trade deals.
Isn't that going to look like the
biggest win ever? And all of this could
happen could happen before midterms.
Now, as I said before, I think the
Democrat strategy is completely just
stalling. They want to stall until the
midterms and make sure that he doesn't
have any successes that the public knows
about so they can just keep the public
from knowing about anything that he does
that
works. And uh then once he they get
control of the house, which is a good
possibility, then they can just block
every other thing he wants to do. And
then they could say he was a giant
failure, but it would because they made
him fail. You know, the the press, you
know, framed it that way and then, you
know, that the house had some control
and maybe they just start a bunch of
investigations and just basically break
everything. There's a good chance
that'll happen.
Well, according to Just the News,
California
um tried to pass a bill that would make
it easier to get rid of squatters
because right now in California, if
somebody squats in your property, you
really just can't get rid of them. I
mean, you can, but the process could
take years and, you know, could be
expensive, etc. So, having a squatter is
just the worst thing in the world in
California. So there was some new
legislation to make it easier to get rid
of it and uh of course it failed and it
failed because they didn't want to
increase more
homeless. So imagine being a homeowner
in
California. First of all, you're not
owning your home because you're paying
the government or it will take it away
from you. So property taxes are
basically rent you're paying to keep
your house. So, not only do you not
really own your house because you got to
pay the government just to keep it, but
if somebody, you know, plays a clever
trick and moves in and doesn't pay you
rent anymore, you've got to keep them.
So, if you can't control
um keeping your own house, you've got to
pay rent to the government and the
government can tell you that someone
else can live in your house whether you
like it or not. Do you even own the
house? It's like you don't even own the
house. So, California is pretty close to
full communist at this
point. Um or at least
socialist. Now, I happen to know
somebody who was a squatter at one
point. Uh it was sort of a boyfriend
situation. You know, the boyfriend
wanted to break up, but she she wanted
to stay where she was. And I'll tell
you, being a squatter is no good idea
because once you get on the the list of
someone who has ever been a
squatter, you can never rent a place or
probably even buy a place ever again.
You you are
absolutely locked out of all civilized
behavior. one once you show up on a list
of somebody who has ever squatted, you
can never rent. Never rent again. It's
that's pretty severe. Wouldn't it be
better if it was easier to remove the
squatters, but maybe the squatter
penalty, you know, would maybe time out
after five years or something because,
you know, people
change. I think California is doing
everything wrong on that
topic. All right. Um, I've got a theory
that the only lasting benefit from Doge,
because I don't think they cut enough to
make a difference to the budget. I think
the only lasting benefit is giving it a
name,
Doge, because now Pennsylvania is
talking about they need their own Doge
and some other states have talked about,
oh, we need a Doge. And some
organizations have said we need a Doge.
and some other countries have said, "We
need a
Doge." The fact that it has a name
allows everybody to say they're in favor
of it. But if you tried to do it without
a name and you said, "You know what? We
really need some kind of smart auditors
who would come in and they'd use a
scalpel and they'd you decide what to
cut." I don't know if you'd get a yes or
a no because it wouldn't even have a
name.
Once you give something a name and
everybody knows that name of the thing,
then it becomes a yes no. Should we do a
Doge? Pretty good idea. So, even if the
main Doge doesn't produce the the cuts
that we hoped and it's not looking like
it will, um it might create the the
idea. It could be that the idea of Doge
where you get a bunch of smart people to
come in and look for the waste and cut
your budget where the where it makes
sense. That might be really important.
So maybe the lasting benefit is just
somebody gave it a name so we all know
what it is so we can say yes or no to it
in the future.
Nvidia, the company that makes those big
AI boards and um mostly boards uh to in
they're going to invest uh $500 billion
in AI supercomputers in the US. Now I
think an AI supercomput means
u a data center that acts as one unified
supercomput. But uh Mario Novel was
writing about this on X and uh that's a
pretty big move. 500 billion that's half
a trillion dollars. Now I didn't see
what time frame that is but obviously
it's not one year but that's some
serious
investment. So
uh again if the uh if we see the
midterms coming and there are enough of
these situations where big companies
like Apple have said yep we're going to
move our production to India get it out
of China. Um we're going to build a
bunch of things in the United States.
You got a bunch of car companies saying
yep we're going to move our production
out of Mexico and put it back into
Detroit or something. Trump's going to
look pretty good, but they're going to
have to rack up a lot more of these. So,
right now, it's I don't know, maybe two
handfuls of deals. They're big ones. I
mean, they're many billions of dollars.
They're big ones, but I think maybe two
handfuls of two handfuls of deals
wouldn't be enough for him to win the
midterms. But what if he had
50? What if there were 50 just
legitimate
obvious gigantic uh deals that were
coming into the United States that
wouldn't have happened otherwise? Well,
then he's going to be looking pretty
good. So, that could
happen. I was looking at a post by
Insurrection Barbie on X. Um, and
insurrection party points out there have
been more than 60 coordinated attacks on
Tesla and $20 million in personal
property damage and over 460 billion in
market cap collapse in Tesla the
company. And she points out that one of
the most radical groups behind this
domestic terrorism is called the
disruption project. and the disruption
project are funded 100% by another
entity called the tides
network. And the tides network is funded
primarily by David Rockefeller, George
Soros,
um the
Pritskars and uh yeah, and the
Pritskars.
So if we know who's funding it and we
know it's domestic terrorism and we know
that there are real economic costs, you
know, $20 million of damage,
etc. Insurrection Barbie asks,
um, why not a RICO
case? Now, I'm no lawyer, so I don't
know that that's enough to make it RICO,
but it's organized.
It's seemingly
um criminal at least by outcome. You
know, maybe there's no smoking gun that
says we we're going to try to get people
to destroy property. That probably
doesn't exist. But what if they were
completely aware of the outcome?
Certainly after the first few instances,
if they were completely aware that what
they were funding was going to cause
massive property
damage, does that is that enough to make
it a RICO case where it's an organized
criminal activity? I don't know. I will
leave that to the lawyers.
Well, according to Scott
Pressler, uh there's a problem in
Pennsylvania, as he says on X. So, um
apparently some Republican voters got
their mailin ballots in Pennsylvania,
and their mail-in ballots are dated for
2024, so last year. In other words,
they're not even legal. Um at least the
way they're dated. And uh I guess Scott
Presler has heard from several other
Republicans who also received last
year's
ballot. Now again, I don't know if it's
really last year's ballot or if they
just have a typo in the in the date, but
either way, it would suppress your
voting, wouldn't it? Because you
wouldn't know for sure if it's the right
thing. Maybe you'd try to get the right
one, but you'd run out of time. You'd be
confused.
So, the open question is whether it only
happened to
Republicans. So, if you want to go full
conspiracy theory, uh, is it possible
that all the fake ballots went to
Republicans? Now, I would guess it's
more of a general problem, you know,
maybe just a printer glitch or
something, you know, a typo. So, it
probably affected
everybody, but we'll get to the bottom
of it. We don't know yet. According to
the Washington Examiner,
um I don't know how new this is because
it sounds like something I talked about
before. China kind of quietly exempted
some things from tariffs because it
found it couldn't get them anywhere
else. So I guess when it comes to
US-made semiconductors, chipmaking
equipment, medical products, and
aviation parts, um China took off the uh
the tariff that they' put on it. So, and
they made the exemptions barely after
realizing that they didn't really have a
way to get that stuff any other way.
Now, they haven't uh I don't think
they've publicly announced that, so
they're kind of flying
quiet. But uh what do you think that the
Trump administration is actually talking
to Chinese officials about a deal? Do
you think that secretly there's a
conversation going? Cuz Trump is saying
yes. Oh yeah, we're getting close. We're
having conversations all the time and
China is still hanging tight with nope.
Nope. There's no negotiating. It's not
happening at
all. It doesn't feel like something that
Trump would just completely make
up. So my guess is we're talking to
somebody, but I don't know if that
somebody has the authority of President
Xi or not. So maybe they're getting
close to something and we'll be
surprised. According to the Jerusalem
Post P post, uh Russia's made a deal
with Iran that Russia would uh fund
construction of a new nuclear plant in
Iran. They I guess they've funded one
already and it's already built. And uh
and that Russia would supply Iran with
55 billion cubic meters of Russian gas
per year.
So, it's starting to look like Russia
has done a good job of pulling the the
bad guys together onto one team. You
know, he's he's tight with China, he's
tight with Iran, tight with some other
smaller countries, but those are the
ones that
matter. So,
um, Russia's done a good job. I I hate
to say it, but Russia's done a hell of a
good job of circumventing, you know, the
United States interests and building
their own little uh own little uh
fortress.
Um, I told you before that uh Trump was
asked by Time magazine
um if he would be dragged into war with
Iran if Israel wanted to, you know,
happen and they couldn't make a deal.
And
um Trump said uh no that he didn't say
that he would get dragged in
um but that he wouldn't have to be
dragged because if they don't make a
deal he would willingly want to go in
and have a war. Now that's the right
thing to
say. I don't know if he would actually
do it or if we would ever be done
negotiating. it would sort of make sense
for him to just keep kicking the can
down the road and saying, "I'm still
negotiating, so don't go in militarily."
Um, Trump is also saying out loud that
he's worried that uh Vladimir Putin is
maybe not so interested in peace and
maybe stringing Trump along because uh
as Trump points out,
um
Putin uh is bombing some civilian areas
in Ukraine and there just doesn't seem
to be a reason for it ex unless he's
trying to kill the peace
And so Trump is calling that out as it
makes and he says quote on true social
Trump said quote it makes me think that
maybe he meaning Putin doesn't want to
stop the war he's just tapping me along
tapping me along and has to be dealt
with differently through banking or
secondary
um sanctions. So, it looks like Trump is
thinking if you just keep with
me, which Putin is doing, that he's just
going to go heavy on sanctions, heavier
than he already
is. Um, David Saxs was on the all-in
pod. Um and uh he was saying that uh
Zalinski seems to clearly not be
interested in peace because if he were
he wouldn't be insisting on getting
Crimea back because there's no practical
way that's ever going to happen. And uh
Sax says made his bed, let him sleep in
it.
And that's sort of where I'm at, you
know, without being any any kind of an
expert on Ukraine, which I'm not. But if
he's not willing to talk about
Ukraine, which is very solidly under
Russian control and it's not going to
change, um, if he's not willing to
accept that, he must want the war more
than he wants the peace because it's the
only path to peace. And he's said no.
So, I do think there's a good chance
that Trump might just say, "We're out.
You guys work it out." And, you know,
maybe have them beg beg him to come
back. Or if they don't, maybe don't
care. Maybe don't care. We'll see.
I saw a post by David uh
Kiraenko that was detailing all of the
drone building activity in uh Ukraine.
It turns out that although Ukraine is
this big war zone, they've uh developed
almost a Silicon Valley like really
robust uh startup situation for drones.
And the claim, I don't know if the claim
is true, is that they're so nimble, and
of course they have a necessity for the
drones that other people don't have, um,
that they're they're developing newer
and better ones faster than anybody
else. So, there just all kinds of
startups now in Ukraine that are all
drone related. And uh Ukraine's defense
sector uh was only a billion dollars of
output in 2022, but it's up to 15
billion now. And that doesn't count, you
know, the American
weapons. That's just their own, you
know,
militaryindustrial base. And and when I
see how robust their militaryindustrial
base is, mostly startups, it makes me
wonder, does he have a problem with the
military-industrial complex of his own
country? Is it possible that
Ukraine's, you know,
military benefiting people, every one of
these startups would they would all go
maybe bankrupt if there was a peace? But
as long as there's war, those startups
are worth, you know, they're priceless.
Basically, you want more and more of
them.
Um, so it does make me wonder what
what's behind Zilinsk's idea. It looks
like Zalinski doesn't think he would
survive
peace. Uh, but there are so many people
who might want to get him. I mean,
Russia might want to take him out. The
US might want to take him out.
um the mil his own military-industrial
complex might want to take him out.
Maybe some of the corrupt oligarchs in
his country might want to take him out
if if he's no longer feeding them uh
through corruption or whatever. So
that's my best. So I'm going to say my
best guess is that Zenski does want
peace, but he doesn't know how to get it
without dying personally. And so he's
just not going to say
yes. That's what I
think. According to
Newsmax, uh there's a poll that says the
majority of Gen Z see college as a
scam. Gen Z, the maj, you know, 51%, but
majority, they see college as a scam and
a waste of money. Boy, is that different
from when I grew up. I I was in the
generation where uh at least my mother
would say if you go to college
everything will work out and so I went
to college everything worked
out. It was
absolutely a you know a big pathway to
at least an you know good to average
life.
So, what do you do if you're if you're
Gen Z now? You got robots coming. You've
you've got you don't want college debt.
If you don't go to college, what kind of
job are you going to get? If you do go
to college, what kind of job are you
going to get? Especially with weird uh
majors. So, anyway, it's Sunday. There's
not that much news. So, I'm going to say
thanks for joining. And uh we'll have a
lot more news on Monday, so we'll go
wild on Monday. Yeah, trade school.
Trade school. But um I don't know that
trade school is a path to the
same, you know, middle class, went to
college kind of life
um or not. I mean, it's definitely
better than not having a
job. And in many cases, it could be very
lucrative. All right. Um, I'm going to
talk to the locals people
privately and uh the rest of you, thanks
for joining and I'll see you on X and
Rumble and YouTube tomorrow, same time,
same
place. And locals, let's see if our
technologies