which is good because I had a few good
days. Come on in
here. We got everything happening
today. Good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better day. But if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains, all you need for
that is
a copper mug or a glass of tanker
chelstein, a canteen jug or flask, a
vessel of any kind, and fill it with
your favorite liquid. I like coffee. And
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure, the dopamine hit of the day,
the thing that makes everything better.
It's called the simultaneous sip and it
happens right now.
Go. Ah, we're working on all cylinders
now. Yes, si things are looking good. I
wonder if there's any sketchy science we
can laugh at. Oh, yeah. Here's some
sketchy
science. According to Drexal University,
um there's a link between proximity to
green space, meaning
trees, and the healthy that how healthy
your baby
is. So apparently living new living near
newly planted trees is linked to
healthier birth
outcomes. Now, do you think that's real?
Do you think that they could really
measure that? Well, apparently it was
not a randomized controlled study. Big
surprise. But don't you think there are
more trees where people have more money
just generally? I mean, you know, it's
not going to apply to Appalachia, but
generally
speaking, don't you think trees are a
bit of a luxury item?
Do do you have a lot of trees in the in
the poorest part of the inner city? No.
So if you if you even have the uh
wherewithal to plant a tree or anybody
wants to plant a tree near
you, probably you're doing better than
people were desperately poor. So I'm
going to say I do not believe that
study. Here's one from the Hebrew
University of Jerusalem. They found that
uh bridging political debates um that's
what they were trying to do. They found
that giving people factual knowledge
about a political topic can make people
uh less uh
polarized. Now, does that surprise you?
If you took a citizen and uh let's say
two people were on different sides of an
issue, but you educated both of them, so
you gave them both the maximum amount of
information about the topic. Apparently,
the study says that they become less
polarized and they become more
reasonable and they're more, oh, okay, I
can see both sides. Here's what I don't
trust about it. I'll bet that only works
for people who weren't paying attention
to politics that
much. The the people that I I'm I guess
I have the most contact with are the
people who are super
partisan. Do you think if you give a
superartisan person information that
says maybe they're
wrong? Do do you think it makes him
friendlier? I don't think so. I think it
just makes him
angrier. Damn it, you and your
information. So, I think maybe the study
is correct because most people are not
paying that much attention to politics
and and to policies, but I'll bet you
the most partisan people get the
angriest when they see information that
disagrees with
them. Here's one of my favorite stories
for the day. So apparently Seattle has
some kind of a park where there was a
lot of
nudity. Like why why would they even
have that? But uh it was a nudest park.
But now, but now it caused so much uh
public masturbation in the nudes
park that that the uh postmillennials
reporting on this that they put in a
request for proposal for what they
call for what they call public
masturbation deterrent
[Laughter]
infrastructure and it's part of a half a
million dollar improvement plan. Now, if
if you were going to respond to the
request for
proposals for for whatever you believed
was a good uh implementation of a public
masturbation deterrent
infrastructure, what would you
build? Would Would you just build a big
wall? Cuz it's a park. You can't really
have walls around everything, right? So,
I don't know how a wall would work. But
here's the good
news. I think Hillary Clinton is finally
going to get that statue she
deserves. Oh, that should cut down on
the public
masturbation. Oh, what else is
happening? I wasn't going to talk about
this story because I don't like the
stories about, you know, one element of
crime or, you know, some weird thing
happened to one person or one family or
something. But I guess, uh, everybody
wants me to talk about this. So, so many
people have contacted me about it. It's
like, all right, all right, I'll talk
about it. So, the Gateway Pundit
reporting on this, among others. Uh so
apparently the FBI has arrested this New
Mexico
uh judge who for reasons we don't
totally know yet was harboring a gang
member at the the cassita behind his
house. Now I guess the guy's wife was
using the gang member. He was one of
these trend Ara guys, Venezuelan gang.
And uh I guess the wife was using him
for as a
handyman. Do do you know how much you
would need to have a handyman? Like
really be a
handyman if you would take a trend to
uh gang member. I I feel like, you know,
part of the reason I don't like stories
like this is that the there's always
some information that's critical to the
understanding of it that's missing. So,
I'm just going to take a guess what's
really going
on. Some of you are going to guess, oh,
it's some kind of sexual thing. You
know, the wife is, you know, having an
affair with him or something. Some of
you are going to guess, oh, maybe maybe
they're doing some kind of
criminal thing
together. Some of you are going to guess
maybe uh he was just a dogooder and he
thought, "Okay, you're a member of a
gang, but maybe if I give you a place to
live and you know, some money from some
handyman work, you know, maybe you can
straighten your life out." Maybe. Maybe
might be one of those things. But do you
know what I think it
is? I think the wife was angry at her
husband because he's not good at fixing
things around the
house. And so she said, "All right, if
you're not going to fix things around
the house, I'm going to guess somebody
who will."
And that the whole thing the the whole
thing is driven by the wife being really
pissed off at her husband because the
husband doesn't fix stuff around the
house. So she got a Trenda Ara gang
member to live at the house to fix stuff
up. So that's just my guess. I don't
know what's really going on there, but
apparently the FBI has arrested
him. All right, this is funny, too.
According to CBS News, uh something like
one in four remote job applications
because I guess a lot of job interviews
are being done remotely now by Zoom or
whatever. Um apparently there's a a lot
of scammers using artificial
intelligence to pretend to be somebody
that they're not so they can be a fake
person who gets a job. And then once
they get the job, they might be scammers
or hackers or looking to sell
information or something. But but
basically
um apparently in one case somebody was
interviewing somebody live and suspected
that they might be AI, the actual image
of the person on the screen. And so the
interviewer challenged the person to put
their hand in front of their face
because that would be a little bit hard
for AI to you know keep that clear and
the person refused to do it. So they
they didn't get the job. Um, but you
know, when I read about this, I thought
to myself, well, there's a week of
Dilbert comics that just wrote
themselves because I can imagine Wall-E
applying for hundreds of different jobs
as an
AI. He would be the richest person in
the
company. Well, in other news, apparently
the National Archives, the US National
Archives, uh, has put up a website
where you can see what they would claim
to be all of their UFO and UAP
information. So, it show the the
documents and the uh the videos of
alleged UAPs and and all that. Now, does
that tell you that maybe the UAPs and
the UFOs are real because the National
Archives put up a web page dedicated to
what they
know?
or does it look like a steaming pile of
 like it always
has? So, I'm still waiting. I'm still
waiting for the video of the uh captured
UFOs and the, you know, the dead
aliens. I I think they're keeping them
under the pyramids with those gigantic
structures that they found under the
pyramids.
No. All right. I love fake news. All
right, let's uh let's give you an update
on self-driving cabs. Now, you might
know that a company called Whimo
uh already
has a very fast growing business of
driverless cars in just a certain
cities, San Francisco and Austin and
some other cities. And you can already
use them. So, you can use your app and a
driverless car will pull up and you can
take your little driverless taxi
somewhere. And apparently it's doing
pretty well. Um, Whimo is providing
nearly according to Sawyer Merit, I saw
this on a post NX. Um, it's they're
already doing almost 36,000 paid robo
taxi trips per day. Per day.
36,000 per day. That's a pretty robust
business. So, and according to the whole
Mars catalog account, Whimo rides per
day just grew 30% in less than two
months. So, I only know one person who
actually used a Whimo and was very happy
with it. It was a totally good
experience.
But uh not to be outdone, Tesla of
course is going to be launching their
version of the auto cab and on top of
that you could use an app to turn your
personal Tesla
um
into um into a cab. So, all you do is
park it on the street and turn on your
app and I guess anybody can summon your
car to drive itself to them and give
them a taxi ride with no driver. Um, but
according to Elon Musk, he says the
Teslas probably cost a quarter or 20% of
what a Whimo costs. And the Teslas are
made in very high volume. And so Elon
says that I don't see anyone being able
to compete with Tesla at present. Well,
at the moment, Whimo is way ahead
because they just started early earlier,
but I do see
Tesla kind of just owning that market
pretty quickly. Now, it's a it's a
really weird time for Tesla, isn't it?
Because on one hand, because of Doge and
Trump and all that, uh Elon Musk is at
his lowest
popularity as is Tesla the company
because the the lefties are rejecting
it. But it's the weirdest time in
history for that to be happening because
their their product
offerings are unbelievably strong. like
incredibly
ridiculously historically strong. So
these auto cabs I think are going to be
a really big deal. The the full
self-driving
um feature within the Teslas, nobody
comes close and they're a really big
deal. And then you've got the
uh the uh the Tesla robots coming and
the robots are going to be maybe the
biggest deal of all time. And at the
same time, Tesla is doing, I guess, the
best job of being a you mostly
Americanmade car. And they even have uh
the ability to make the batteries for I
think the Model 3 and the Y that can do
it entirely in the United States. So if
you were to look at, you know, Tesla's
efficiency, you know, what they can
build, how fast they can build it, the
quality of the products, how well those
products meet the obvious needs of the
uh the public, it's
unbelievable. Like, it's never been
better. I I've never seen any company
who had more upside potential than what
Tesla has right now.
But the only drag it has is that people
have a, you know, politically bad
feeling about it. My guess, and this is
hard to predict, but my guess is this
will not be a permanent stain. I think
all it will take is for uh Elon to pull
back from politics a little bit, focus
on the products. Maybe one year goes by.
You know, it might be one year more of
depressed sales, but you put a few uh
Democrats in the self-driving car or a
few Democrats, you know, rent a Tesla or
they just experience the Model Y. I
don't know that they go back, you know,
I I'll use that same analogy about uh
Apple computers and IBM computers way
back when they were competing. And Apple
used to say that nobody goes from from
IBM to Apple. No, nobody goes from Apple
to
IBM. But a lot of people will go from
their IBM computer to an Apple and stay
there. And if you live or work in
Silicon Valley and you were in any kind
of a uh let's say a technical
environment or a technical company, it's
100% Apple laptops.
So that was very
predictive of where that market was
going to go. People only went one
direction. Same with uh
smartphones except for some senior
citizens. When people moved to a
smartphone, they weren't really thinking
of moving back. You know, even though
the smartphone was terrible when it
first launched, it was just terrible. It
was just it was barely a phone and you
still couldn't go back. So, I think the
uh Tesla is in that same category where
you just have to be exposed to it and
you're like, "Ah, damn it. Can't go
back." Meanwhile, to make that whole
self-driving car thing work better, I
guess, uh, Secretary Duffy,
transportation secretary, working with
the Trump
administration, is looking to, uh, lower
the regulatory barriers for self-driving
cars. And one of the big problems is
that each of the states uh might have
their own standards and it would just be
too hard to you know do business. So
they're looking to make one national
standard for what is acceptable for
self-driving cars and to make it not so
um ownorous that you can't beat the
standard. So that seems to me like a
really good thing. Now, obviously the
critics are going to say, "Oh,
uh, Trump is just doing that for his
friend Elon Musk." To which I say, "What
part of that don't you want? You You
don't want a federal single standard for
self-driving
cars? Isn't that what you
want? Forget about what Elon Musk wants.
I'm sure he wants that. But don't you
think Whimo wants that, too?
Don't you think every car company that's
looking at self-driving cars, which is
probably all of them at this point,
don't you think they all want it? Don't
you think every single consumer wants
that? So, yes, it could be that Elon
Musk's
um you know, his attachment to the
current administration might have made
it more likely, but we all want it. It's
not like it's just for him.
Well, the uh agricultural secretary
Brooke Rollins says that they're no
longer going to be given billions of
dollars to illegal aliens for food. Um
and from now on they're going to have to
show their ID and prove their their
citizens to get their uh what is it?
Some kind of food food product they can
get if they're poor. and uh they'll have
to be uh checked against the social
security numbers of the death master
file. That's that's a pretty ominous
file, the death master file. So I guess
that says if you're alive or dead
because I guess we're feeding a lot of
people who at least on paper are
dead. So that seems like a move in the
right direction. Every time it becomes a
little bit harder to be a non-citizen
who's here illegally and using our money
to live, that's probably good. So, good
for
them. Did you hear the fake news about
the the so-called makeup room in the
Pentagon? Now, I guess because Bagth was
a TV guy, and he's a good-looking TV
guy, uh CBS News came up with a story
that's been debunked that, uh, the
Hexath had ordered a makeup room to be
built in the Pentagon, a makeup room.
Now, I have two things to say about
this. Number one, it's been debunked.
Uh, if you saw a picture of what it was,
all they did is add a a chair and a
mirror to the green room. I guess they
only had a green room for their their
media
hits. So, no, it wasn't there were no
lights. There was no makeup. It was just
sort of a mirror that people could look
in before they, you know, went in
public. But I would uh I would add the
following. What would be wrong with the
Pentagon putting a makeup room in the
Pentagon? What would be wrong with that?
I if it's true that they do a lot of
their work on camera, you know, not just
for the news hits of which there are a
lot of them, but maybe even talking to
other
countries. The the makeup is just part
of the process. If you tell me that
there are high level, you know, military
or government people who are going to be
talking to anybody, you know, somebody
in another country, foreign leader, the
public, I don't care who they're talking
to, a makeup room is exactly what you
need. So, it's the dumbest story. It's
fake news, which is sort of seemingly
designed to embarrass Pete Hagsath. So
it's easily debunked because they just
show you a picture of what it is and you
go, "Oh, that looks like just a mirror
on a
wall." So that's not much of a makeup
room. Even though probably use it,
people probably do use it to make sure
they look okay before they go on camera.
But let let's be real, a makeup room in
2025, it's exactly what you need.
So if P Hegsath has not yet ordered a
makeup room for the the Pentagon, why
not? It's exactly what you should be
doing because it helps the whole
presentation. That that would be like
saying, you
know, don't wear a nice
suit. There are things you do when
you're going to be on camera to certain
audiences to make it
better better in every way. So, it's
just the dumbest fake news of all time
because if it were true, it would just
be smart. But it wasn't
true. It's like doubly
dumb. Well, you've heard of Act Blue.
That's the Democrat organization that
collects allegedly
uh very small donations from lots of
different people and then donates it to
various Democrat uh campaigns.
Um, but the accusations are that uh
they're not doing that so much. Well,
they are doing that, but that uh a lot
of their donations are fake, meaning
it's not really small donations from
individuals, but they simply pretend
they're getting small donations from
individuals, but maybe they're getting
big donations from we don't know who.
could be foreign, could be some big
donors, and then they just pretend that
they came from individuals. Uh here's
one example. Uh Matt Van Swall, he found
out that uh at least on paper, he's made
many donations in Kansas to Act Blue.
However, he's never been to Kansas and
he's never made a donation to Act Blue.
So unless there's somebody with his same
name, which is a bit unusual,
um they're pretending that he's made a
lot of donations. Now, you've probably
seen some news stories where people will
go to the house of somebody who
allegedly made thousands of dollars of
donations and some retired person who's
never made any donation to anybody. And
you say to yourself, "Oh, well, I think
we we're on to your game.
Well, so in related news, Trump has
requested the uh attorney general Pam
Bondi to investigate Act Blue and find
out if they're doing illegal straw
donors, which is what I just
described. And are they foreign
contributions, which would make it even
worse. it it would be illegal whether
it's foreign or not um to pretend that
they're getting small donations when
it's really big donations they're
pretending or small donations but uh
according to Elon Musk he said on on a
post act is guilty of widespread
criminal identity theft so that would be
when they pretend the donations are
coming from citizens and those citizens
have no idea that their names have been
used
um let me tell you what I expect from
that
investigation,
nothing. I I I'm so beaten down by the
idea that anybody's ever going to get
arrested for anything. No matter how
obvious the crime, no matter how much
alleged Department of Justice or FBI
attention it's getting, I don't expect
anybody to be arrested for the Epstein
stuff, the Russia collusion stuff, all
the lawfare against Trump, um the uh
Biden crime family. I just don't think
anybody's getting arrested for
anything. I don't exactly know why.
don't exactly know why, but it's hard
not to notice the pattern,
right? Wouldn't you expect a whole bunch
of people to get arrested for a whole
bunch of
things? I I feel like we're continually
presented with, at least publicly,
evidence of major crimes all through the
government and then there's always
somebody looking into it and then
nothing happens.
So whatever is happening behind the
scenes, it's it's pretty strong. So I
have no reason to think it's going to
stop. I just don't think anything will
happen. Here here's another example of
badness happening right in front of you.
So, as you know, Leticia James, who
lawfared Trump, she decided that she
would go after him and she'd find
something that was a crime. And then she
found that uh he had represented his
properties as more valuable than they
were to the banks. They made a loan to
him. Now, the banks, of course, didn't
care about that at all because they do
their own investigation of how much a
property is worth. They don't rely on
the customer to tell them. They they
ignore that completely. And uh they were
happy with the loans. The loans were
paid back. Nobody lost anything. And it
was the most common thing in real
estate. Somebody exaggerated the value
of their property. But it didn't make
any difference because the lenders know
everybody does that.
So, it turns out um as Bill PTE uh
discovered that Leticia James had done
some sketchy things with some of her own
real estate, including saying that she
was a resident of another state because
she had property in another state
outside of New York. And also saying
that one of her properties had four
units instead of five because that gave
her some kind of advantage as well. And
then there's some kind of insurance
related thing that I don't understand.
So she's being accused somewhat credibly
because this is based on just documents
and you know the documents are pretty
clear. So you know there there's not
much there's not much um doubt about
what happened and there's not much doubt
that it would be
illegal. So she's in a lot of trouble.
And one of the things about lawfare or
in this case revenge for
lawfare is that even if you don't go to
jail, it's going to cost you a lot of
money to defend yourself. Now, that's
what she was trying to do to Trump. She
was trying to either, you know, use up
his money on legal cases or use up all
his time or put him in jail, whatever
she could get. But here's the the
update.
Apparently, the state of New York is
going to pay for her legal
defense. So, this is something the these
real estate transactions she's accused
of had nothing to do with her
professional job.
So, why would the state of New York um
pay for her uh attorney, who by the way
was Hunter Biden's um lawyer, too, and a
guy named Abby Lel, so he's well known,
high-powered lawyer. Why would the state
of New York pay for her legal defense?
Well, their argument is that she would
not be accused of these crimes had she
not accused Trump of
crimes. And therefore, it's all part of
her professional work as a person who
accuses people of crimes because, you
know, she that she's attorney general.
Um, so that apparently that thin
connection was enough for her to get her
legal costs paid for by the the
state. Wouldn't you love to be a a
taxpayer in your state and know that
you're
paying for Hunter Biden's old lawyer to
depend to defend your attorney general
who had tried to lawfare a pre a
president and you know change the change
the government in the United States and
was guilty of the same crimes and you're
paying for it because you're a
taxpayer. Unbelievable.
but
true. So, here's something that could
have been predicted. I don't know if I
ever did, but I'll just describe it
now. Generally speaking,
uh, Democrats were pushing the idea that
everybody is unique and special. And
because of
intersectionality, you know, you might
be a black lesbian woman and I might be
a disabled Hispanic man and but
everybody was an individual. And so they
would celebrate what made people
different. It was all about being
different. Whereas Republicans and and
here's where you can fact check me so
I'm just spitballing here. Republicans
tend to celebrate what they have in
common. So Republicans would say, "Yeah,
Fourth of July, we're all Americans.
That's what we have in common." Uh they
would try to get everybody to speak
English as their first
language, so we got lots of stuff in
common. They would talk about uh you
know, not just uh nation, but family and
God. And they'd say, "Oh, you're
religious. I'm religious, too. let's all
be religious and we'll have lots in
common. So if you were to fast forward
that and say those are two philosophies,
one is celebrating how you're different
and the other is celebrating and and of
course celebrating how you're different
also gives you reason to complain about
the other. Wait a minute. You different
people are getting extra benefits from
the government. I hate you. So here we
are with the Democrats uh tearing each
other apart after losing the last
election. So we've already seen
prominent Democrats like Bill Maher,
Stephen A. Smith, James Carville who are
attacking the progressive crazy part of
their party.
But now we're seeing that Michelle Obama
is going on a podcast and apparently she
was just revealing as Jesse Waters was
telling us that uh that Michelle and
Barack Obama were at one point in
couples
counseling. Like why would you say that
on your
podcast? That that just seems like so
wrong. Now if if she were just an
ordinary citizen, I'd say well you know
it's up to her. But given that they're a
political family, you know, prominent
Democrats, just feels like a little bit
of an
attack on, you know, a a family member.
And then we see uh the head of the DNC,
DNC chairman Ken Martin. He went on Fox
News to complain about his uh co-
whatever he is. He's the co-chairman, I
guess, David Hog.
So now the head of the DNC is
complaining about his co-chairman who
wants to uh wants to primary a bunch of
ineffective Democrats, which is not
really the job of the people who are in
charge of the DNC. It's their job to get
as many Democrats elected as
possible. So they're fighting each
other. Um it it seems like everywhere
you see Democrats now, it's pretty much
they're having a battle
internally. So that whole philosophy of
we're all different and you know we can
think differently and act differently. I
think it's just tearing them
apart. And the Republicans have always
been good at uh let's find out what we
have in common and let's work on that.
And that works really well. and has for
years. Um, according to Paul Sperry, I
think he's got some inside sources, um,
that say that, uh, Adam Goldman of the
New York Times, who at one point won a
Pulitzer for his cover covering of the
Russia collusion hoax, which he did not
cover as a hoax, rather he covered it as
though it were real.
Um he says that uh that Adam Goldman is
working with uh Comey's old Crossfire
crew to sabotage
um Cash Patel and Dan Banino at the FBI
headquarters. And that's to you know
allegedly guard his Russia gay Pulitzer.
I don't know that we can read his mind,
but um and then just as background, Adam
Goldman's wife is an extop CNN producer
named Allison Hoffman, and she was uh
well, pushed out, I guess. We don't know
the details that, but she left CNN over
having an anti-Trump
bias. So that that's your legitimate
news
organization. Uh that's pretty sketchy.
Now these are allegations. I don't know
how much of this you could know to be
true. So it's based on insiders that we
don't know. Um so that would be the
lowest level the lowest level of
credibility. So uh the only thing I know
for sure is that um I spent an afternoon
with Adam Goldman ago when uh when
Dilbert was sort of at its peak. So, he
was doing a story about Dilbert and uh I
had a pool table in my office at the
time and I was not used to losing a pool
because if you have a pool table and
you've had one for years, you don't
really lose a pool, but he kicked my ass
so hard. Damn. He's just the best pool
player I've ever seen, I think, for you
know, a regular person. So, great pool
player. That's the only thing I know
about him for sure. Everything else is a
rumor, so I can't say for for sure if
any of that's
true. Well, Trump is stirring the pot
again and he's I guess he's listed uh
some hats on his website uh that say
Trump
2028. Now, of course, that's
provocative. My understanding is that
it's on a Trump merchandise website as
opposed to a campaign or political
website. If he had put it on a political
website, it would be even more
inflammatory, but by putting it on just
the Trump website, it kind of just
removes it a little bit from are you
serious? I can't tell if you're trolling
us now.
Are you trolling us or are you serious?
And and the fact that we don't
know is just perfect. I love the fact
that we can't tell if he's serious. You
know, at first they used to annoy me and
I thought, you're just playing into
their hands of looking like a dictator
by saying that you're not going to leave
office. And then I started thinking,
okay, it is kind of funny. It is kind of
funny. I'm not in favor of him having a
third term, just to be clear. I'm
definitely not in favor of that. But it
is very funny that he has a Trump 2028
hat. That part I can't I can't
hate. Well, Trump says he's going to
meet with uh uh writer for the Atlantic,
Jeffrey
Goldberg. Do you recognize that name? So
Jeffrey Goldberg is uh famous for what
Trump calls pushing some hoaxes and he
is also famous for being the person who
was accidentally added to the signal
gate messages that Hexath and others
were on. So, why in the world would
Trump meet with a writer for The
Atlantic when The Atlantic is
probably the single most
anti-Trump
hoaxbringing entity that you've ever
seen in your life? I mean, I think they
barely even pretend to be anything else
but just a Trump hating uh vehicle. Why
would he say yes and then go spend time
with them and do an
interview? I have a
theory. I I think he's bringing the
wrecking ball to the Atlantic and he's
going to try to end them once and for
all. Something tells me that the tenor
of the conversation will not be all
polite and that Trump is just going to
absolutely unload on this
And and then it's going to put Goldberg
in the weird position of not knowing how
much to report because a lot of the
reporting will be Trump saying the
Atlantic is a piece of Uh you're
you're a lying reporter. It's all fake
news. And if he just keeps at it for
like an hour, what else is Goldberg
going to write? he won't have anything
to write except how disresp how
disreputable his own organization and he
is. So I think Trump is taking a
calculated risk that he can actually
just destroy the Atlantic and uh and
Jeffrey Goldberg at the same time. So if
I were Jeffrey Goldberg, I'd be a little
bit worried about the incoming wrecking
ball.
Trump signed a bunch of executive
orders, of course, because he always
does. According to the college fix, one
of them is uh um involves college
accreditation. Now, I always wondered
who is it who gets to accredit a college
and say you're a proper college? Like
what makes any what makes any entity the
one qualified to say that somebody else
is accredited? I always wondered about
that. But uh what Trump's executive
order is about is he's going to reform
that college
accreditation
process. Um and he's going to target
efforts to boost intellectual diversity
as opposed to uh racial diversity and
and equity and inclusion. So apparently
it'll be harder to get accredited
um if you're pushing DEI and easier to
be accredited if you're pushing merit is
my guess. Um and this might involve new
accreditation organizations
uh that might be created as a result of
the order.
Now, was there something that was
preventing some entity from saying,
"I'll be an accreditation organization."
There must have been something
preventing new ones from being
established, and maybe this executive
order loosens that up, but I feel like
that's good news.
Um, Trump also made some news with an
executive order to rescend LBJ's
uh, executive orders on what's called
desperate
impact. Desperate or desperate, how do
you say that word? Uh, desperate in uh,
impact. And the idea of
it, the idea of it is that uh if if
there were different outcomes for
different groups, that would be enough
to prove that discrimination was in
play. Can you even believe that that was
ever a thing? That if there were if
there were different
outcomes, it proves discrimination.
The problem is there's always the
different outcomes. There's almost
nothing you could do. No, no sport, no
intellectual endeavor, no career
endeavor. There's almost
nothing that every every demographic
group performs the same. Now, we don't
need to get into the reasons why there's
a difference, but we've never ever had a
situation where all the groups perform
the same on anything on anything. So,
that seemed like it was just the worst
thing you could ever use as like an
operating system for your country that
if people had different outcomes, there
must be some discrimination and they
have to go fix it or somebody could sue
you for it.
So, looks like uh it was just another
anti-white man law and uh Trump to his
credit rescended it. I didn't even know
it was a problem, but I'm glad he got
rid of it.
Well, apparently according to the
postmillennial
um military recruitment is surging under
uh PG Seth's uh defense secretary role.
Uh every branch of the military has
surpassed their goals for recruitment.
Do you remember when that was just a
giant
problem? Apparently the problems were
just as obvious as you thought. the
people who wanted to be soldiers, wanted
to be in the military, were not the same
people who loved all the
wokeness. So if he said, "You can be a
soldier, but you know, you have to be
super woke and if you're a white man,
you know, we're going to hold you back
because we got to get some more
non-white men in there." Why would you
ever join the
military if you were a white man?
So, I don't know what the mix is of who
it is who's joining the military, but
apparently apparently they're going wild
and I don't know that they've done
anything special except get rid of the
rules that shouldn't have been there in
the first place, which is it's not about
DEI. It's about being lethal and it's
about winning wars.
So that's that's sort of a small part of
the uh
world, but it certainly suggests
something healthy
happening because uh
recruitment um in all the in the fact
that it's in all the service branches
tells you that it's something they're
doing right. It's probably not just some
coincidence.
Well, you know, the problem of the uh
what I'll call the constitutional crisis
of all these uh federal district judges
blocking Trump's, you know, national
efforts. Well, here's another one.
Um so, this one is federal judges
blocked Trump from requiring proof of
citizenship to register to vote.
Now,
why why would they block that? Well,
it's just anti-Trump
uh and
uh you know, I mean, it just looks like
it's nothing but an anti-Trump thing.
So,
um so that's happening. I would call
that a constitutional crisis. And then,
uh Trump had tried to pull the funding
from sanctuary cities. And guess what?
There's another federal judge who
blocked that and said, "You can't stop
funding these sanctuary cities." What do
we know about this
judge? Well, apparently this judge, this
judge William Oric, who says you can't
can't stop funding the sanctuary cities.
Um he he's a huge Democrat party
supporter and he donated uh uh a lot to
Democratic candidates including Obama
Kerry and both Clintons and he chaired
committees to elect them and introduced
he even introduced Kla Harris at a
campaign event. So he's not just
political he is really political and
he's a Democrat. And then he did
something that to me is a constitutional
crisis because he seems to be violating
the powers of the presidency from the
wrong
chair. Uh so we'll see what happens with
that. So according to uh Breitbart, in
the last 24 hours, judges have ordered
the Trump administration to uh bring
back another illegal alien from El
Salvador. I haven't talked about that,
but that's happening. Restore funds to
schools practicing DEI, restore funds to
sanctuary cities, and drop a proof of
citizenship mandate for voter
registration. So, isn't that a
constitutional
crisis? Because the these uh federal
district judges are essentially usurping
the power of the presidency.
So yes, but on the positive side, uh
Daryl Isa um introduced a bill that I
think has already passed the House that
would prevent these district judges from
uh doing this kind of stuff. And I guess
go to the Senate, which is likely to
pass it, and it would limit judges to
their own district or domain. So we'll
see if that happens. So there could be a
big fix coming that that would be just
imagine how big a change that would be.
I I feel like every story I talk about
that has any impact at all is followed
up with and a district judge says you
have to put it all back in the box and a
district judge blocked it and a district
judge you know what if what if that
ended. Um, Wall Street apes is talking
about a story that's in the news of a
uh, financial manager for the army set
up a fake uh, NGO, non-government
organization, and it had some kind of
name, you know, some kind of fake
children's charity name. And then I
guess she was in charge of deciding who
gets funded. And so she funded from
taxpayer money uh from the military. She
funded her own fake NGO to the tune of
$108 million over several years. She
bought 31 homes and 80 vehicles. This is
all just stolen taxpayer money. And
um apparently there was no auditing. She
got away with it for
years now. Do you think she's the only
person who thought of that? Wait a
minute. I could just set up a fake NGO
and give it a good sounding name and if
I start getting money, nobody's even
going to check. There's no auditing.
There's no nothing. I could do this for
years. My assumption is that if she
could do this this easily and get away
with it for so long and there there are
now tens of thousands of
NOS's, I don't know that they're all
this
illegal, you know, cuz maybe you just
pretend you're doing something useful
and that's good enough.
But oh my god, this NGO fraud is
just it's a level that I could never
even
imagine. And and it sort of maybe
answers that question of why do there
seem to be so many rich people when
there aren't that many things that would
make people rich? There there can't be
that many CEOs, you know, that many
people who started their own company or
or inherited a fortune from their
parents.
Um, a lot of it might be this, you know,
like I don't know what percentage, but
if you told me tomorrow that 20% of all
rich people got there by stealing from
the government, I wouldn't be surprised
a bit. If you told me it was
40%. I wouldn't be surprised. I would be
horrified, but I wouldn't be surprised
at this
point. Here's some good news. According
to the Independent in the UK, uh
apparently JD Vance has already told uh
the UK's Kier
Starmer that if he wants any kind of a
trade deal, and of course he does want a
trade deal with the US, he's got to
repeal the hate speech laws that uh
would be affecting not just his country
but us, I guess. Now, how much do you
love that? We should not be doing any
trade with a country who is trying to
censor our first amendment rights in the
United States. You can't be our friend
and you can't trade with us if you're
trying to shut down our most important
right in this country from your country.
So that's not going to work. So yes, JD
Vance, put down the uh put down that red
line. You you can't have this
censorship, hate speech stuff if you
also want to do business with the United
States. Absolutely. I love
that. Well, you know that China said
that they're not negotiating whatsoever
with the United States and then Trump
says, "Oh yeah, we're totally
negotiating with
China." So, not only does Trump say we
are negotiating with China, but I guess
he said must have been yesterday. Uh
they had meetings this morning. That's
pretty specific. And we've been meeting
with China and and I said, "So I think
you have, as usual, I think you have
your reporting wrong." He was telling
the
reporters. Um, I guess China told
Washington that it wants Washington to
scrap all of its tariffs if it wants
serious
negotiations cuz I guess, you know,
putting the tariffs on in the first
place seemed like a maybe an affront or
pretending that we had power over them
and that's no bueno for China.
Um, and China's commerce min minister
insists the US started the trade war, so
we have to make the first moves. Now,
here's what I think. I think that China
wants to have it both ways. I think that
they are negotiating at some low level
or indirectly or something. Uh, well,
they're saying they're not because they
don't want to look like they got pushed
into it, but they'd like to have a deal.
So, I think maybe when the negotiations
that they say are not happening get
closer to something that might be an
actual deal, then I think China is going
to admit, we'll talk to you now and then
they'll just start
talking. Um, I guess China canled 12,000
metric tons of pork that they were going
to ship to the United States. So, if you
thought you were going to be eating a
little ham today or uh enjoying some
bacon, maybe not, maybe a little less
pork. Uh but then I guess there's some
other things that according to
Bloomberg, China is uh looking at
suspending their 125% tariff on a few
things. I think it's some some
technology things. I don't know why they
picked him or or what specifically, but
there's definitely stuff
happening.
Um, definitely stuff happening. Now, one
of the things that has been bugging me
lately is that people keep proddding me
to
admit they're they're like, "Scott, are
you ready to admit that Trump's tariffs
were a gigantic
mistake?" What do I say to that?
because we're in the middle of the
game. If if the game were over and it
totally didn't work and you know it was
obvious, then I would say, "Well, looks
like that was a giant mistake." But how
do I how do I determine in the middle of
the game that that it was a
mistake? It seems to me that everything
depends on
timing. If it takes to the end of this
year to work out any kind of a deal with
China, or maybe we just never do, well,
that would look like a pretty big
mistake. If in 30 days the US and China
have at least the framework of an
agreement, it's not going to look like
we're going to have huge shortages over
the summer. we'd have a little a little
bit because there's some builtup um
demand that couldn't be satisfied with
the shipping we
have. But don't you have to wait? If
it's true that he's getting better trade
deals and if it's true that countries
are agreeing to buy more energy from the
US and maybe other things such as food,
um isn't everything moving in the right
direction?
So, I don't understand the people who
believe that they can tell already it's
a giant
mistake.
And you know, it could be. I don't rule
it out. If they if they bungle the
management of the negotiations, I guess
it would be giant mistake.
But if they do get agreements, and it
looks like they're not too far away from
getting a South Korea agreement, not too
far from a Japan
agreement, probably not too far from
some other agreements when, you know, I
think Vietnam was was up pretty quickly.
Um, it's not going to take too many
finalized deals or even, you know,
agreed frameworks for finalized deals.
It's not going to take too many
successes that are nailed down before
the news has to admit, okay, well, at
least at this at least this country
um you know, at least we got a better
deal with this country. And then it
would be the next day or two, okay,
well, you know, I have to admit we got a
better trade deal with this country and
they did agree to buy a lot more of our
liquid, you know,
gas. Um, so isn't it isn't it
likely depending entirely on timing? So
if things happen fast, it's going to
look like the smartest thing anybody
ever did in the history of the United
States.
If things don't happen
fast, it could look like and turn out to
be just a pure
mistake. But it seems to me that there's
far more likely chance that it's going
to go in the right direction than the
wrong direction. Now part of the
negotiations with China
um since the China relationship is a you
know a massive set of variables that are
in every domain
um Yahoo Finance is saying that uh the I
guess the Pentagon's got a big budget
now for Trump's uh what they call the
golden dome that would protect us from
incoming missiles. So that would include
everything from SpaceX uh being able to
track any incoming threats
to v various missiles and warships and
uh autonomous weapons and lasers and
stuff to shoot down those
missiles. So is that something that
would make us
um better off in our negotiations with
China?
I feel I feel that we would get the best
deal if we look the strongest in every
way. Strongest militarily, strongest
economically. That's probably how you
get the best
deal. Um, here's a story that snuck up
on me. So Joel Pollock is writing about
this in Breitbart. So there's this
gentleman who was a former aid to
President Biden. His name is uh Elen
Goldenberg and he says that while he was
a former aid to Biden
um and this is something he said to
Israel's channel 13. He said that the
Biden administration tried to oust
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu after October 7th
uh after the October 7th attack because
temporarily Netanyahu's popularity was
very low and apparently the Biden
administration thought they'd be better
off without him. So they put into
motion some kind of acts that I don't
know if it's color revolution or if it's
completely legal or if it's just uh the
US trying to influence its um its
allies. I don't know what it would be
called. Um but apparently there was uh a
serious effort to change the leadership
in Israel.
Now, apparently that didn't go as far as
it could have been because uh
Netanyahu's popularity recovered fairly
quickly when he got serious about
responding to
it. So, uh anyway, so this Goldenberg
um suggested that that Biden was even
willing to consider quote non-democratic
means of removing Netanyahu.
non-democratic
means. That doesn't sound good. You
know, we're always talking about how
Apac is controlling the United States,
you know, Congress. And of course,
there's there's influence that works
both ways in in the case of Israel and
the United States. But did you
know that at least the Biden
administration was pretty active in
trying to change something really big in
Israel. So that's
interesting. Well, let's talk about
Ukraine. Trump's envoy, Wickoff, I guess
he is in Moscow trying to work out a
deal. And it would reportedly include uh
that Ukraine won't join NATO and that
both sides would seed some
territory. And uh Trump has said that uh
if he doesn't get a deal done, he's
going to be mad at both sides, I guess.
But he has a secret deadline. He won't
divulge, which means he doesn't have a
secret
deadline. But but his uncertainty play,
it works every time. So, every time he
does something where he adds
uncertainty, I always laugh because it's
not like it's not like he doesn't say
he's doing it. He tells you exactly what
he's doing and then he does it right in
front of you and it still works. So,
yeah, I got a I got a secret
deadline and if you don't meet my secret
deadline, you're both in trouble. So,
you better you better meet that secret
deadline. So, I don't know. It it seems
to me that Ukraine is not going to get
something like a security
guarantee. And if Ukraine doesn't have a
security guarantee, what exactly would
keep Putin
from trying to take over the rest of uh
Ukraine? Maybe he doesn't need to do it
militarily. You know, maybe once uh once
the fighting stops, maybe Putin can do
his usual, you know, color revolution
thing, whatever is the Russian version
of that, where he just uh bribes people
and murders people and, you know, tries
to manipulate things in a neighboring
country until the neighboring country
says, "Can we please join Russia? we
love you so much because you've bribed
us and murdered us to the point where,
you know, we better play play nice with
you if we want to survive.
So, I don't know how Ukraine would ever
agree to a nonsecurity
agreement. I don't know there's enough
pressure you could put on them because
it's the most important
thing. Now, keep an eye on it.
Um Trump's also working on uh the
administration is working on a plan to
fasttrack, this is according to the
Hill, uh fossil fuels and mining on
public lands. Now, one assumes that
because it's the government, there are,
you know,
unnecessary rules that say you can and
cannot do this on public lands. So, the
Trump administration is trying to get
rid of that red tape. So if people need
to look for coal, oil or gas or uranium
or other minerals on public land, it
will be much easier to get that
going.
Now I think this is the most important
thing happening in the country because
we didn't really get the budget cuts we
were hoping for.
And even if the uh even if the tariff
situation ends up, you know, moving more
manufacturing back to the US, it's not
going to happen too
quickly. So, we've got this massive debt
problem and we've
got one thing that we could produce
relatively quickly that everybody would
want to buy, which is energy. And
because of AI in particular, um
certainly all the developed countries
are going to want just all kinds of
crazy energy and they're not going to be
able to produce it themselves or not
going to be able to buy enough even from
Russia if they were buying it there. And
the US just seems to have a massive
amount of energy that it could produce
and sell.
I'm not sure there's anything happening
in the United States that's more
important than the Trump administration
loosening up the rules for how much you
can produce and where you can produce it
and how you can get it. Because if we
could if we could uh let's say influence
all the countries that sell us more
things than they buy and this is what
Trump is doing well. I think the the
trade, you know, the trade deficit, some
experts are saying, "Hey, that's just a
thing on paper." You know, that's not
something you need to fix. Uh, we just
like buying more of their stuff than
they like buying our stuff. What's the
big deal? Well, I was listening to
Warren Buffett talk about trade
imbalances. And Warren Buffett thinks
it's a big deal, or at least he did not
too long ago. And the way he explained
it
was that if uh we buy more of their
stuff, they have our money and then we
buy less of their stuff, they end up
with our
money because we gave them more dollars
than they gave us. So if they have our
dollars, they basically own a piece of
the United States. Like that's sort of
what the dollar is. And then they can
buy stuff such as I think Warren Buffett
used the example of when Japan had a
gigantic trade uh imbalance with us,
they got so many of our dollars that
they didn't know where to spend it. So
they went over and bought like important
American buildings and property. So we
basically are literally according to
Warren Buffett a trade imbalance is how
you give away your country. Let me let
me say it again. Japan had such a big
trade
imbalance that they had a whole bunch of
American
dollars and not enough to spend it on.
So they ended up just buying American
physical assets and
property. They
literally were owning parts of America
because of the trade imbalance.
Now multiply that by every country that
has a trade imbalance and especially
China. So one of the things that Trump
is doing that I think is smart is he's
he's saying that the trade imbalance is
part of our trade negotiations over
tariffs.
Now, these so-called people in quotes
would say those are different things
that you should just negotiate the
tariffs as tariffs and if you wanted to
if you wanted the trade imbalance to be
better, you should have better products
because then people would want to buy it
because they're better products. I
disagree. I I think Trump's doing it
exactly right, which is he's saying if
you want to do business with us, you're
going to have to reduce that trade
imbalance. And the easiest way to do it,
and maybe the only way you can do it
quickly is we're we're producing a lot
more oil and gas and maybe even coal uh
than we used to. And you're going to
have to buy it from us
uh because you could buy it somewhere
else. But we will just say, you know,
where you used to get a quarter of your
oil from Saudi Arabia, well, that's not
going to happen anymore. If you want to
do business with us, you're going to
you're going to move that over to
us. Oil is sort of oil. It's not going
to be that different anywhere. So, I
think
quietly this whole energy monster play
is the most important thing happening in
the United States. It's the most
immediately
transformative economic thing that could
make a difference. Nothing else is big
enough. Like if we make a deal about
Chinese pork, that's not big enough.
That won't move any needles. Even Doge,
you know, with its best
efforts barely cut the budget. you know,
we we increased the we increased the
defense budget by more than enough to
eat all the Doge savings. So, there's
nothing else happening that has the
scale that turning into an energy
monster, you know, uh, nation has that
you can do fast enough and big enough.
So I feel like this is the most
important thing happening in the country
and that Trump is probably doing it
right by putting the emphasis on
it. And then AI of course drives that
makes it easier to to make that your
highest priority.
Um, I saw a article from the European
Conservative saying that Europe's facing
a big debt problem of its own. And of
course, China has a big debt problem and
the US has a big debt problem. And I've
got a weird economic question. And I I
have no idea what the answer is.
If if all the big industrial countries
um had a debt crisis at the same
time, would that be better or worse for
the United States? It's a weird
question, right? Because your assumption
is of course it's worse. More debt
crisis is more worse. But suppose all
the other countries didn't have a debt
crisis and the United States did.
That would end the United States. But
what if everybody had the same debt
crisis at about the same
time? Is there something that happens
when everybody has the same debt
crisis that somehow protects everybody
who has a debt
crisis? Now, I can't quite connect the
dots to that, so it doesn't make sense.
I I'm just sort of saying I don't
understand that world enough to know.
But I feel like that's an interesting
question. Is there anything about
everybody having the problem at the same
time that makes you a little safer than
if you were the only one who had that
problem? I don't
know. I'd love somebody who's smarter in
economics to answer that question to me.
I saw a post on X uh from Andrew
Hubberman. He was talking to some expert
about addiction and uh I guess the
expert is Ryan
Suave and he was talking about uh porn
addiction, video porn addiction.
And whenever I see this topic, cuz you
know it comes up a lot, the video porn
addiction, there are a whole bunch of
questions that come up. And since I have
no shame, I'm I'm the person who can ask
these questions. So here are some
questions. Number one, what is the
dividing line between a hobby and an
addiction? You think it's obvious,
right? Well, obviously, you know, an
addiction would be like cigarettes and
alcohol, and a hobby would be, you know,
knitting. But what if your hobby is
running? You just you just can't go a
day without running. You know that
running is one of the most dangerous
things you can do if you do it all the
time, right? Running is one of the most
injuryprone problems you could have. And
then if you do something that affects
your mobility in general, well, that's
really bad for your health in the long
term. Well, so there's a lot of things
that we do that we would call a hobby
that definitely have a
downside. So what is it? What is that
dividing line? When is it a hobby and
when is it an addiction? If I said you
should not be looking at all that porn
because it's bad for you, but you said
it's not bad for me. I just enjoy
it. Is it an addiction or is it a hobby?
I don't know. Uh the other question is
what if there are some men who prefer
not being slaves to their own sexual
desires and they know they can turn it
off by using porn? And what if they
don't want to be slaves to women and
have to do whatever women say to get sex
and pretend that, you know, they're
agreeing with everything and and
basically giving away their own agency.
What if there are men who just say, "I
don't want to do that." What if they
say, "I want to control my own body, and
one way I do it is to, you know, knock
down my sexual interest um once or twice
a day. And uh what if I don't want to be
a slave to women who have control over
whether I ever have
sex? Are the are those people crazy? Are
they addicted? or is that just a
different preference for how to live
your life and what it's like to be a
free
man? I don't know. Um what if what if
you're a man who just doesn't have
access to sex and that's not likely to
change? Or if you do have access to sex,
it's not going to be with anybody that
you're attracted to. And it could be
because you're not attractive. Could be
because
you're Yeah. Any number of things could
be happening with you that makes you not
something that somebody wants to have
sex with. If a person who doesn't have
access, if they're not Andrew Hub
Hubberman who can have multiple
girlfriends,
apparently I think that's his actual
situation.
If you don't have access to sex, why do
why do anybody get to say you shouldn't
be watching
porn? If it's the only thing that takes
the the fire out of their
brains, who are we to say they can't do
it? Well, I mean, it's not illegal, so I
guess there's that.
Um, another question is, would it be
more noble if you didn't watch any porn,
but you just used your hand and your
imagination? Are are we saying that's a
that's
better? Is it the fact that looking at
the porn is faster or more fun, but if
you just use your imagination, oh well,
that's okay. That's not an addiction. If
you just use your
imagination, really, what if somebody
doesn't have a good
imagination? Are they should they be
talked down of using
porn?
Um, what happens if women can't compete
with porn? Is that the man's
fault? If you're a man and you looked at
all your options and you said, "You know
what? There's nobody here who's
available that I would want to have sex
with. They're just not
competitive. Is that the man's fault? Do
we blame the man because there's nobody
he'd want to have sex
with? That's a question.
Have you ever noticed that when
celebrities
um have a sexual addiction like the
celebrity is having sex with three women
a day like Charlie Sheen that we call it
a a sex
addiction but people who don't have
access to unlimited women whenever they
want uh then it's a porn
addiction. But isn't it just men having
access to the most sexual outlets they
can get in whatever way they can just
like all of all of American or actually
all of human history. So you don't have
to have answers to all those questions.
I would just like to put out the fact
that
um I don't think there's one answer for
everybody. I believe that you know if
you're I hate to pick an actual example
but I will. If you're in a wheelchair
and you just don't have access to the
kind of sex that you would want with the
kind of people you'd be attracted
to, can that guy in the wheelchair not
watch all the porn he wants for any
reason he wants because it's none of
your damn business? So, I just have a
little push back on that. That's all.
Just something to think about for
today. All right, ladies and gentlemen,
that's all I got for you for today. Um,
I'm going to talk to the people on
locals privately if my private locals
button is working today. And the rest of
you, thanks for joining. I'll see you
the same time next week. No, not next
week. Tomorrow. See you the same time
tomorrow. All right, locals. Let's see
if we can go private.