If we get enough of us, we can do a
show. And guess what? There's enough of
[Music]
us.
Uhoh. Get out of there.
mop
m Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains. All
you need for that is a cup of mass
tanker gels in a canteen jugger flask
vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure,
the dopamine hit of the day, the thing
that makes everything better. It's
called the simultaneous sip and it
happens right now.
Go. Oh, that's
good. Well, I should warn you that I'm
on the uh tail end of taking some muscle
relaxants. So, if it sounds like I'm
slurring my speech or speaking a little
bit slowly, you are
correct. I recommend replaying this at
at least 1.5 or, you know, double
speed. Doing the best I can. I think my
brain is still kind of working, but the
uh muscle
relaxants, they're definitely doing
their job. Uh, I've got a back problem,
so I'm trying to slow down the muscles
in my body because, you know, my muscles
are so active. Um, after the show, there
will be a spaces hosted by Owen
Gregorian. So, immediately after this,
you can talk to some other people on
spaces. So, that's the audio only
service with an X. So, just look for
Owen Gregorian and you'll find that or
you can see the uh the link in my X
feed. Well, last night at 9:30ish when I
was getting ready for bed, uh my
neighborhood was once again robbed by a
car of masked men who I think might be
the same car that we saw stalking the
neighborhood recently. So, that would be
the fifth
I think it's the fifth time in two years
that we got hit by the burglary gangs.
They seem to know who's home and who's
not. So, so far they haven't gone into a
home where somebody was home at the
time. Um, but just a few doors down
while I was sitting here, my neighbors
were being invaded by probably a South
American gang, but we don't know. So,
that was bad.
Um, so
yesterday I was on social media and I
saw this, you know, weird crazy
conspiracy theory that the uh the Blue
Origin space flight with the uh the all
female crew that it was all faked and
CGI. And I laughed because I thought,
"Oh my god, the conspiracy theorists,
they're they're just going to say
anything about anything. It's like
there's nothing that can't be turned
into a
conspiracy." And but, you know, I
thought this will be fun. I I'll give it
10 seconds of my
time. And the first claim is that the
video of the launch itself was so fake
that you could just look at it and you
would know it was fake. And I thought to
myself, come on. Come on. That's
ridiculous. And then I looked at the
video of the launch and I
thought, I'm not saying it's fake, but
it sure looked
fake. How do you How do you take a real
launch and make it look completely fake
on
video? Because it looked completely
fake. And then there were other there
were other pieces of evidence that did
in fact highly suggest that it was all
faked. I think there was something about
when the women were weightless, their
hair their hair didn't seem weightless
enough. You know, normally the hair
would just be all over the place, but it
wasn't.
There was something about the the
distance between the
windows that completely changed from the
inside of the craft to the outside.
There was something about the space
capsule that re-entered, didn't have the
re-entry, you know, marks of smoke and
burn that you'd expect. There was
something about one of the hands of the
people didn't match the people that we
knew were inside. They looked like a
mannequin.
Now, I'm not ready to say it was all
faked because that would be that would
be hard to
believe. But why does it look all
faked? So, as far as I can go is it
looked all fake. It just completely
looked fake. Was it fake? I don't know.
You know, it's hard for me to imagine
they could have gotten away with it or
that they even wanted to. like why would
so many people even be involved in such
a thing? So, I don't know. I But I I
will recommend you just for fun to look
at the uh conspiracy theories that it
was faked and you're going to have
you're going to have the same reaction I
did, which is it couldn't possibly have
been,
oh,
maybe. So, in other news, according to
the Cypost, Vladimir Henry is writing,
there's this uh plant, a shrub
actually that's been used in uh the
Indian uh ayurveetic medicine for
forever. Some call it the Indian
jinsenang. But apparently you can give
this uh in pill form to somebody and uh
within one hour they will be smarter and
feel
better and there doesn't seem to be much
of a side
effect. So if you give it to them for 30
days they stay smarter and happier for
the entire 30 days and it but it works
within like an hour.
Now, it's called Ashwa
Gandh. I'll spell it once in case you're
thinking to yourself, why wouldn't I
take it? And
honestly, apparently, it's over the
counter, widely available. I don't know,
you could probably just get it from
Amazon or something, but let me spell
it. It's as
sh W A G A N D H A. uh
ashwagandha and it will boost your brain
and your mood at the same
time. Doesn't sound a little bit too
good. I I feel like you know later there
will be some information that says of
course you'll never have an erection
again and you'll lose all your hair
because that's what usually happens.
Usually if there's any kind of drug
that's good for
you, it'll uh it'll make your pecker
stop working and your hair will fall
out.
But we don't know that about this
one. All right. Um, so scientists,
according to the University of Chicago,
um, if you're just
joining, I my voice is a little bit slow
and slurred because I'm on muscle
relaxants. I think my brain is still
working, but I'll remind you of that.
Um, so there's some new material that's
been discovered by scientists that has
the weird quality that it
uh is shrinks when heated. Now, normally
everything would expand when heated, but
this shrinks when heated. Now, doesn't
it seem to you that if you had a
material that shrinks when heated, but
you also had normal materials that
expand when heated, that you could
somehow figure out how to make a
perpetual motion machine? Now, it
wouldn't be real perpetual motion
because it would be using heat from the
outside. So, it'd be sun heat or earth
heat or, I don't know, ocean heat or
something. But doesn't it seem to you
that if you just had those two things,
one material shrinks in heat and the
other material expands in heat, isn't
that enough to build yourself a
perpetual engine? It wouldn't be
perpetual motion because there's an
outside source, but isn't that
enough? Think about that today. Come up
with a design. Um, but they think they
could use it to make better EV batteries
because every single day there's a new
story about somebody can make a better
battery which we may or may not ever
see.
Well, Ben Affleck has joined
uh what Rob Blowan said recently, the
same same positive with the same message
that basically California ruined the
Hollywood movie business by being such a
hard place to do business that
apparently the stars are completely
aware that uh California is dead as a
place to make movies.
Now, can you
imagine a state so
incompetent that you can't buy fire
insurance? It it it's letting in uh
zillions of people and giving them free
medical care, so bankrupting the state.
And it allowed its most famous
businesses to be destroyed.
So, California essentially destroyed our
energy business, you know, by making it
too hard to build refineries. They've
destroyed the the film business, which
nobody ever thought would ever move out
of, you know, Southern California, but
apparently it's just too hard to use use
California. Too many uh too many
restrictions, not enough
benefits. So, let's see. So, uh,
energy. Um, what about Silicon Valley? I
wonder if there are as many startups as
there used to be. Probably not. So,
California is uh on its uh on its plan
to destroy itself. Good job,
Democrats. How many of you knew that Joe
Rogan recently quit alcohol? Um, which
is sort of a big deal. If he were just a
normal person, I'd say no big deal. But
he does have a big influence on the
world in a good way. Um, and here's what
he said. He talked about his own
experience. He said, and I'm like, what
kind of who takes so good care of
his body is poisoning himself a couple
days a week for fun? Uh, why am I doing
this? He said, so he actually used the
poison analogy for why he quit. Now you
you probably are aware that my book
reframe your brain uh as that is one of
the key reframes that alcohol is
poison. When you as soon as you match
that word with your habit of drinking it
makes a difference. Now not for
alcoholics of course that's a whole
different issue. If you're an addict,
you're an addict. But if you're just
drinking more than you want to, uh,
pairing that word poison with alcohol
really seems to help people quit almost
immediately. So, I wonder if that was a
big part of, uh, Joe Rogan's journey is
just pairing that word or or if it or if
he just knew intuitively that would make
it easier to do.
There's a uh new Tesla rumor
uh that uh Tesla might be using its
robots soon in conjunction with its
self-driving vehicles. So that someday
your uh Door Dash I'm just picking Door
Dash as an example. It's not there's no
specific rumor about that. but that your
your robot would get out of the
self-driving car and take your little
package, be it food or be it something
else, and deliver it to your front
door just just as if a human were doing
it. So the interesting part about this
is you wonder, you know, what kind of
industries will fall to AI and robots
first, but it could be, and I'm just
making this up. This is not part of the
rumor per se, but it seems to me that
Tesla could take over FedEx, UPS, and
the US Postal Service and Door Dash and
GrubHub all at the same
time.
Because
robots, if if your robot can drive
anywhere and then get out of the car and
go up steps and knock on your door and
wait for you to
answer, that's a delivery service. And
how do you beat that delivery service?
Because the robot delivery service would
work 24 hours a day. Now, I think
there's one thing that I would look for
to see if delivery is going to be part
of Tesla's plan.
I would look for Tesla
dropboxes where where you as a resident
could put something that has I don't
know some kind of security or camera on
it or something on your near your front
door so that at least if the package is
within a certain size let's say food for
example uh the robot can drop it off
whether you're there or not and nobody
can get into it.
So if you see that, you know, if you see
a test of a Tesla dropbox for delivery,
oh, it's on. Then FedEx better and UPS
better start
worrying.
Anyway, so uh let's check in with the
Democrat criminals. There are always so
many. Uh Leticia Jesse James, as I like
to call her. So, she's launched a
fundraiser to uh for her next uh next
election, I guess, and it's uh up to
$18,000 per person to uh to join
according to the New York Post. And uh
she's hitting up her supporters for for
big bucks.
Um, apparently part of her uh
advertisement for her her fundraiser is
a photo of herself framed by a gay pride
flag. Is Laticia James part of the LGBT
community or LGBT community? I don't
know. Do we leave the tea off? I think
the LGBs like leaving the tea off these
days, but it's not up to me.
Um, so the the reason I asked is because
I think it actually matters. It it seems
to me that the
LGBT community would be the ones who
were, you know, I would say most
propagandized or most brainwashed to
think that Trump is evil because they
would believe that, you know, all the
general Democratic claims. But for some
reason, the LGBT community thinks that
um Trump is some kind of special danger
when it's clearly the opposite. You
know, as somebody said the other day,
Trump's the only president who ever came
into office in favor of gay marriage.
Nobody else ever did that. The they they
may have converted while they were in
office, but u I think he was the first.
Biden Biden was of
course and uh and I think uh Trump is
famously you know he's got some
highlevel people like Scott Bent who is
highly respected and part of that
community.
So, it's weird that they would have, you
know, like a special fear of Trump when
all the evidence is exactly the
opposite, that he's he's neither pro nor
against. He just acts like it doesn't
exist, which is your perfect
situation. Anyway,
um so anyway, she's raising money. H how
would you ever give money to Leticia
James when she's credibly accused of the
same crime that she wasted all of your
taxpayer time going after Trump over
instead of doing the things that your
community really needed. She's literally
famous for doing something that didn't
work and by the way she was doing the
same crime and then she does a
fundraiser and people will still give
money. The the Democrats have this this
death wish for their party that was like
nothing I've ever seen.
Meanwhile, Al Sharpton is going after
Target, the store Target, because uh you
might know that Robbie Starbucks
recently got uh uh Target to drop their
DEI, illegal DEI culture and get rid of
all that. And now, because they got rid
of it, Al Sharpton is going to target
them. Fox News has that story. And uh so
I guess the CEO of Target met with him,
met with L. Sharpton on Thursday and uh
they're pressuring him to put that DEI
back in
there. Uh so I guess Sharpton called the
meeting with the CEO very constructive
and candid and he said he would inform
our allies including blah blah blah what
my feelings are and we'll go from there.
Well, it doesn't sound like Target
agreed
to something specific, but I wonder if
Target got
um like blackmail basically. Do you
suspect that any part of that
conversation Sharpton said, "Well, if
you can't go all the way back to DEI, I
realize, you know, that'd be tough to do
that U-turn, but suppose you could
donate to one of my
organizations and then I could at least
say, well, they didn't do everything I
wanted, but they did donate to my
valuable
organization." What do you
think? I feel like Target might have
been maybe
blackmailed that uh because uh because
Sharpton can turn on the uh the pain. So
he could just say we'll organize you
know protests against you unless you
know unless you donated in a way that
shows you're an
ally. So let's wait. That's my
prediction. My prediction is there's a
donation somewhere in the background
that we don't know about. Let's find out
about
that. Well, according surprisingly,
according to the New York Post, there's
a a new poll says uh let's see this poll
by Gallup that says that uh the
confidence in Democratic leadership
plunges to an all-time low
of guess what? Let's see if you can
guess. What do you think is the
confidence in Democrat leadership? What
percentage? Anybody want to guess? Now,
if you're new to my podcast, you're
going to be very impressed. Watch this.
With no hints
whatsoever, there we
go. Uh, in the comments, almost every
person is guessing the correct number,
25%. So, that's a new low.
It's never been even close to that. 25%
of Democrats have confidence in their
own leadership. Huh. I wonder what would
cause
that. Could it be
their their their dog determination to
do discrimination with DEI? Could it be
that? Or could it be what I call the
2080 plan? Now, I think it needs a name.
So, a lot of people have made the
observation um so you know certainly I'm
not the first. I'm like the millionth
that uh the Democrats seem to
consistently go after the Republicans
when the Republicans are on the side of
80% of the public. So Trump being the
populist that he is, if something is
really really popular with the the
Americans, the public, he's very likely
to be on that side. And then the
Democrats, since they have to be the
resistance, they end up taking the
20. So I think we should call it the
2080 plan because once you brand it, if
you can put a if you can put a sticky
name on it, um it becomes more
powerful. So what do you think the 2080
plan? Because we usually say 8020 and
everybody knows what that means.
2080 kind of tells you very quickly
what's going on, doesn't it? Because it
it's not really an insult, but it is an
insult in the sense that if as soon as
you understand that they're after the 20
instead of the
80, it's sort of selfinsulting, but it's
accurate, you know, in a directional
way. It's not always 2080, but
directionally it's quite accurate. All
right. All right. We see some support in
the comments for the 2080 plan. All
right, let's call it the 2080 plan.
Let's see. Is there anything else
they're doing to support the 2080
plan? Well, what about that Maryland
dad? I'm so fascinated by that
story. Now, part of it is what I call
the lawyer effect. If you were to watch
uh any kind of court case, when the
defense is talking, you say to yourself,
"Oh, wow. That defense lawyer is pretty
convincing. Yeah, well, that that person
is certainly innocent. Listen to all
that good defense." And then you hear
the prosecution talk and you'll say,
"Oh, oh, well, actually, h actually now
he sounds totally guilty." So, a lawyer
can make anybody sound guilty or anybody
sound innocent if you're willing to sit
there and listen to their side of
things. So, when I listen to the uh
arguments about the so-called Maryland
dad who may or may not be an MS-13, when
I listen to the
Democrats, they have pretty strong
argument. Pretty strong argument. One of
the ones I heard yesterday is that the
accusation from the, you know, that he
was part of MS-13 was double
hearsay. Double hearsay. And I thought,
really? So, it's really just the
somebody said it to somebody who else
who said it. And what I realized was
that means that the first person who
said it was the source, you know, the
person who allegedly had knew what they
were talking about. But then the second
person would be the law enforcement
person who quotes the other person. So
neither of them would be direct
evidence. It would be a double
hearsay. Now it doesn't change anything
I knew because I already knew there was
a source and they told law enforcement
and then the court acted on it.
But when you first hear that it's double
hearsay, you think to yourself,
"Huh, that sounds pretty weak. Double
hearsay." And then they say that the uh
the police officer or whoever it was,
the law enforcement person who got that
information then was uh later, not very
later, accused of some kind of, you
know, lying or wrongdoing and then, you
know, left. And then I think, huh, an
undependable person and double
hearsay. And then there's some some
doubt about whether the tattoos and the
dress meant anything. And then there's
some doubt about, you know, whether he
was really with MS-13 people because he
was MS13 or he was just standing there
at Home Depot to get a Home Depot job
or, you know, why did he have And then
you listen to the other side. It's like
he had cash in his pocket. He he he he
had been previously accused of human
trafficking, which sounds worse than it
is in this case was adult men. Um,
illegal, of course, but you know, when I
hear human trafficking, I'm usually
thinking of some sex related thing and
underage people and horrible things.
But,
uh, so both sides seem to have a strong
argument if you're only listening to one
side.
But here's my current take. I think the
Democrats have the best legal technical
argument. The best legal technical
argument. Meaning when I hear them say,
you know, the court said you should
facilitate his
return. And I say, well, what does
facilitate mean? But I asked myself, if
this were an American citizen, would we
be confused about what facilitate means?
No. Trump would make one phone call to
his friend B Kelly and he would say,
"Oh, we made a mistake shipping this guy
down there because that's what happened.
He wasn't supposed to go to El
Salvador." And then B Kelly would say,
"Oh, well, he's in my country now, so
you know, I have full control of whether
he goes anywhere and I'd like to keep
him." And then Trump would say, "I know,
but it would really be really be helpful
if you released them. Uh, we could send
the plane down." So then you send the
plane down if if this were an American
citizen. and then you reintroduce them
to the process. But maybe that source,
you know, the original source is hard to
find and maybe some of the evidence is,
you know, aged out or is hard to
reproduce.
So, I can imagine that if he were an
American citizen, which he's not, that
we would we would follow the courts and
say, "Oh, well, you told us to
facilitate." So, we did. And then we
decided that he needs to go back
because, you know, once we've looked
into it, it didn't change our minds.
Now, I think that Trump would be on
stronger ground
uh if he facilitated
uh as Steven Miller has pointed out,
it's not going to change the end
result. I don't think so because there's
still going to be, you know, evidence
that uh at least there'll be enough
evidence that he's dangerous and needs
to be shipped back or shipped somewhere
else. I mean, it might not be to El
Salvador, but it could be deported
somewhere else. So,
um, here, so here's my take. I think the
Democrats might be right on the legal
technicality, but they are so
wrong on the politics of it and how
people feel about it and the mood of the
country. It's 2080. So once again,
they're pursuing their 2080 because the
public isn't really following the
technicalities of the, you know, the
legal stuff, but they definitely know
whether he's a good guy or a bad guy.
And they definitely know that his uh
wife had made some allegations that
sound pretty bad. And they definitely
don't think, oh, he's helping America by
being
here 2080.
Let's see what else they're doing wrong.
Um, the C CBS had an interview with DNC
co-chair, vice chair, I guess he's the
vice chair of the DNC, David Hog.
Now, if you were trying to win an
election, would you put in charge of
your party David
Hog? Does that sound like somebody who's
really trying to win?
That's 2080 all the way. Anyway, he was
on CBS and he said, now this is a little
out of context, but he said, "Democracy
is what put us through school shooter
drills and school shootings and uh it's
what it's what put us through climate
crisis and so much more. So he literally
was complaining about
democracy, but but if you put it in
context, he's saying they need to be,
you know, wiser and smarter about uh
democracy and they have to stand up to
the special interests. But but the way
he he expresses
himself, he makes it sound like
democracy is a system that can't
work. So there's your 2080 right there.
2080. And then it's even funnier that uh
there's a conversation about who the
leader of the Democrats is right now.
Like who who's most likely to be the
presidential candidate? And the people
they come up with are Kla
Harris. And by the way, I'd like to do a
special uh shout out to the Fox News uh
art director or whoever it is because
every time uh Kla Harris is discussed, I
was watching the five yesterday and
they'll run, you know, a sequence of
photos of Kla Harris while there's some
discussion of Kla Harris and all of the
photos are of her laughing like a
hyena. So they're they're usually still
pictures, but they're all are like with
their mouth wide open and looking just
crazy and drunk as
 And if it were just one photo, it
would be hilarious by itself. But they
but they do the
compilation of just one screaming crazy
photo after another and
[Laughter]
You couldn't possibly watch that that
series of photos and think that she's
any kind of a serious candidate. Not one
of them had her mouth
closed. It's really hilarious if you
watch it out of context. Anyway,
uh AOC of course has, you know, charisma
and she's got a following and stuff like
that, but I guess uh I guess even Bill
Maher on his show, I didn't see it, but
I I heard he said, uh no, AOC is not the
right answer. Um but AOC is a 2080,
right? She's 2080.
So 20% of the Democrats would think,
"Yeah, give me some AOC." And I think
80% would say, "This is exactly the
problem. The
problem the the the problem is that the
Democrats keep favoring the, you know,
the 20% crazy part of the party and
ignoring all the normies, you know, the
the normal people." And uh AOC would be
the ultimate expression of that. She
would be the ultimate
2080. Um so of course she's going up in
in popularity because she's a
2080. She's so 2080 that uh it seems to
me that the conservatives are boosting
her. And by that I mean the
conservatives keep acting like, "Oh,
it's AOC. She's coming. I think AOC is
going to be the next candidate." But I
don't know if the Democrats are saying
that. I I I feel like maybe there's a
little wishful thinking going on and
with the conservative side of the world
to say, "Oh yeah, oh yeah, AOC, we're
afraid of her. Don't don't match us up
with AOC. I don't know what we'd do if
that happened." Well, I think you'd
win. According to the rabbit hole
account, the Federal Reserve still has
DEI all over its
website and they've got a little video
of Jerome Pow Powell endorsing it. I
don't know if that's enough to abolish
it, but it's not helping. It's not
helping at
all. Do you do you think Jerome Powell
can be fired by the president?
Uh, I haven't looked into that because I
just assumed that was a not something
that's possible. But now I think maybe
anything's possible. Is it
possible that that Trump could fire
Jerome Powell? Could they find some kind
of I don't know impeachable
uh I see my smartest follower says yes
that he can follow that he can fire him.
Huh. Well, that would be interesting.
Allegedly, according to one account that
follows who follows who on the X
account, uh allegedly Elon Musk stopped
following Scott
Basant, which would be interesting. Um,
if you're wondering if there's any
internal dispute, I feel like there must
be because uh, Elon Musk's view on
tariffs appears to be at odds with Scott
Basant and also the president. And I
think that Musk is probably having a
tough time being as silent about it as
he is. Now, he certainly talks about his
side. if somebody asks him in a podcast
or something or an interview, he'll tell
you what he thinks. Um, but he's not
he's not going balls to the wall, you
know, get rid of these tariffs. So, he's
in a very awkward situation. He can't he
can't win in any direction on this. Um,
but I'll bet you that there is some
internal
dispute. And here's my question.
Does America have a plan for
survival?
Survival. Because I'm not aware of our
plan for survival. I have I'm aware of
our plan for driving as fast as we can
into a gigantic debt hole that makes all
of our money and the entire country
worthless. I can see that happening. So,
we just uh have another year of $2.5
trillion debt added on top of our
existing debt and then we'll just drive
into that deficit hole and we'll all be
dead. That's the current plan. There's
no plan that's any deviation from that.
Now, if there is a
plan that involves, I don't know, robots
are taxing the rich or switching to
Bitcoin or uh doing it up more than
we've doed it up. I'm not aware of it.
There there was a plan. I recall a plan
in which uh Doge was going to cut a
trillion
dollars, but that didn't happen, did it?
Or am I not getting the news? Because to
me it looks like two point two and a
half trillion dollar deficit is exactly
what it would be with or without Doge.
So did get stopped by the
bureaucracy? You know what you would
expect is when Doge started and it was
cutting like crazy and you thought,
"Man, this could really work." And then
one by one, the department heads get
appointed and then of course the cabinet
heads and the department heads say, "Um,
not so fast. I I'm the only one who gets
to decide what the final cuts are." And
then Doge is just
completely kneecapped, right? What can
Doge do if the ordinary managers are the
ones who get to decide what can be cut
and what won't? Because that goes right
back to people, you know, protecting
their turf and all that. So my question
is, did we once have a plan and I I'm
talking about only a month ago that for
survival and and did we lose that plan
and it's not replaced by a new one? So
the question for Trump is do we have a
plan for survival? The question for
Scott Bent is do we have a plan for
survival? Now even if we get everything
right on the tariffs and even if
everything worked
out which would be you know a long-term
thing bringing manufacturing
back. Is that really a plan for survival
or is that just a really good thing to
do?
I think it's a really good thing to do
and I'm, you know, directionally I'm in
favor of the uh using tariffs as a
tool, but it doesn't look like a plan
for survival. It just looks like one
thing that maybe we should have done a
long time ago, but it's worth doing
now. Yeah. I don't know. So, we'll see.
Um, I think that that question needs to
be asked of our current government. Do
we have a plan for
survival? Is the plan military force? It
might
be. It could be that using our military
to force people to use the dollar or
force people to do business with us or
uh if they don't do big deals with
America, we won't protect them. We, you
know, we won't be part of NATO.
So, it could be we just use our
military, but wouldn't you like to know
if there's a
plan? Literally, is there a plan for
survival? Nobody's going to ask that
question. That that is the question that
must be
asked.
Anyway, according to One America News,
uh the data is very clear that the cost
of uh cost of living is going down.
Daniel Baldwin is saying this. So,
um, the cost of ordinary things going
down, a lot of it has to do with energy
prices dropping and I think the
President Trump gets credit for a big
piece of that. Um, but I also don't
think it matters because it doesn't
matter why prices went down. Well, you
know, obviously it's better that they
went down, but it's not any indication
of the future. The future will be driven
by
tariffs. And since we don't know if
tariffs are going to, you know, drive
prices up or how much they're going to
drive prices up or how long they'll
drive prices up, um, I don't think it
means much of anything at all that we
had a good month inflation wise. better
than a bad month, but it's not telling
you that inflation will be low in the
future. So therefore, it's sort of a
nice but not super important in the long
run. What is important will be the
tariffs. We'll see if that makes a
difference. Are you following the uh
Douglas Murray
um issue with comic Dave Smith and his
issue with uh Joe Rogan show? So I guess
Douglas Murray wrote an opinion piece in
the New York Post and he says among
other things uh that uh without the
standards for who gets to talk about
important issues, in other words,
experts, without some kind of a standard
about who your expert is, the new media,
and that would be people like Joe Rogan,
the new media will lead people into
errors and evils far greater than the
old media could have ever dreamed of.
Well, that's not true. The old media led
us
into into how many
wars. It It's pretty hard to be uh worse
than the than the old
media. But do you remember uh before the
Douglas Murray thing blew up? Do you
remember me telling you that uh the
problem with the Joe Rogan setup is that
it didn't matter who was on, you know,
which expert, they would get the
documentary effect. So if you watch
three hours of anybody, whether it's
comic Dave Smith or Douglas Murray, at
the end of it, you'd say to yourself,
very persuasive. Yep. That's that's a
good that's a complete worldview and uh
I'm persuaded into it. And that's the
documentary effect. If you watch a
documentary on any topic,
um by the time it's done, you will be
convinced that that point of view is a
good one and maybe you should adopt it.
That's because only one side gets shown.
Now, Douglas Murray is taking it to
another level, which is not just that
only one side is
shown, but that if it's the wrong
expert, it's just wrong. Now, that's not
too different from what I was talking
about with the documentary effect
because I also assume that the
documentary, the documentarian, is not
always right, but they're just
persuasive.
So, uh, I had been saying that the to
fix the Joe Joe Rogan system problem,
and I'm going to call it a system
problem. It's not a Joe Rogan problem.
It's not an individual problem. Uh, it's
a system problem, which is if you're
talking about anything that really
matters, you know, it's not just fun
stuff about pyramids, but it's, you
know, something about the real world.
the model that could work is to have,
you know, experts on both sides. But you
saw what happened when he tried to put
comic Dave Smith and uh Douglas Murray
on the same show, which is exactly the
right
instinct is that they got into an
argument about the quality. you know,
Douglas Murray simply attacked the uh
the knowledge of the other person and so
it sort of turned into a
nothing. But I still think that's the
right model because what it showed is
that comic Dave Smith won. In other
words, in a battle of ideas, there was
only one person there to talk about
ideas. And so I judge comic Dave Smith
to be the winner of that round. But
there could be other rounds. There are
other podcasts. There are other people
who would disagree with Douglas Murray.
So, let's keep
going. If if Douglas Murray wants to
continue being on shows with people he
would consider maybe not quite as
qualified,
um then we get to judge. Okay. Did you
actually um interact with his ideas and
did you correct them with your superior
knowledge, which I would really enjoy
watching, or did you simply attack him
as a an individual and for his past
statements and for some kind of process
problem or certification problem or
expert qualifications? Because if I see
that, then I get to judge that too. I
get to judge. Did you go after the
argument or did you go after the person?
And if you went after the person, I'm
going to judge the other person the
winner. So that that's just my
standard. But I do think uh I do think
Douglas Murray is correct in his sense
that the setup of uh one podcaster
talking to one person for a long
time definitely has risks. So, I'm all
completely on the same page. But the
fact that Joe Rogan even tried to put
comic Davis Smith and Douglas Murray on
at the same time shows he's completely
aware of
that. And that's good news. So, you
know, my standard for judging people,
right? My standard is not did you ever
do anything wrong? Because that's just
everybody. We we've all done things that
didn't work out. You know, maybe we
meant well, but it didn't work out.
Everybody makes
mistakes. And even calling them
mistakes, I feel, is too harsh because
we're just humans, right? We're we're
all trying to crawl our way through to
find the truth, and sometimes it doesn't
work out exactly. So if I see somebody
like Joe Rogan moving from the the model
that was criticized having one person on
without the other side and then he tries
to do the obvious correction to that to
me that's a plus. You you can't be
better than correcting for something
when there's a valid complaint about it.
So that's that's A+ Joe Rogan
performance if you ask me. Uh so I think
just more of it is the answer. Just do
more of that. So we know what the answer
is. Just do more. And uh I think we can
work our way out of
it. Um so as you know there was this
vote on what's called the SAVE Act. So
Congress is requiring that uh the the
states um make sure that somebody is a a
resident of the United States before
they can vote. Well, who would vote
against that, you ask? It turns out
almost all Democrats voted to not make
it a requirement that you prove you're a
resident of the United States to vote in
our elections. And then when
asked, why in the world would you not
want to be sure that somebody's a
resident before they voted? A citizen?
I'm sorry. Yes. Thank you for the that
correction. The the question is citizen,
not resident. A resident could be a
non-citizen. So I was using the wrong
word there. So the correction is a
citizen. So the safe act is to make sure
you're a
citizen before you
vote. So who could be against that?
Almost all Democrats. But when asked why
they're against it, they say that it's a
myth that any
uh any non-citizens are voting. But
apparently, according to an article by
the Daily Color News Foundation, Nicole
Sylio, there are several notable
examples of very large numbers of
non-citizens on voter roles, which would
suggest a lot of non-citizens are in
fact voting. Now, I'm not sure that
they're actually voting. It might be
more that somebody's voting for them,
which would be the other big risk,
right? because I've I've seen reports
that you know the uh the names are being
used but not necessarily the real people
voting. So it might be some kind of mass
voting problem as well. I don't know I
don't know the details of that but
that's been alleged at least a few
times. So again, that would put the uh
the Democrats in the
2080 that 2080 plan. They're very
committed to it. Um the RFK files, more
RFK files have been released. Um, I
haven't heard anything that's really
different in them except one thing that
I don't think is important, but uh,
apparently in the RFK files, there's a
story about a tour group in Israel that
heard Kennedy was shot. This is Robert
Kennedy. Uh, they heard he was shot in
Milwaukee a month before he was actually
assassinated. and and so the FBI
uh tried to figure out how in the world
they could know a month before it
happened. So they believed it
happened, not that it was going to
happen. They believed it actually
happened a month before it happened and
it was exactly what
happened. So the FBI was like, "Uh, now
I don't think that this is really going
to be I don't think this is anything
except a weirdness. you know, maybe just
somebody guessed, right? Or there was a
rumor or it's a big world and I don't
know. So, we'll we'll see if anything
new comes out in
that. Um, I'm seeing in the
comments, let's see if I can see
that. Uh, as in the death of John
Kennedy, many in the world again will
regard in terms of a conspiracy.
We can could not and should not be in a
position of adding to or blah blah blah
blah blah. All right. So, I don't know
the context to that, but people are
pouring through it to see if there's
anything there. I'm not expecting
anything super new to be in
there. Well, Michael Shelonburgger was
testifying to Congress. I'm not sure
about the date of this, but
uh just think about whether this will be
part be part of history. So this is
Shelonburgger doing his great job as
usual of summarizing a situation that
we're in. So I tried to summarize his
summary, but let's see how close I get.
So here here's how I understand the
world, but will this be how history
records it? Will children be taught
this? So here's here's his version,
which I agree with. uh that after the
war on terror, the US used
counterinsurgency and counterterrorism
and counterpopulism tactics to uh
inspire the Arab Spring. Do you remember
the Arab Spring when some of the Arab
countries looked like they were they
were going to, you know, overthrow their
own governments and then move those same
tactics later to Eastern Europe uh in
what they called the color revolutions.
Now that's well
documented that uh those techniques were
used in the color revolution and uh they
used among other tools they use social
media to ferment revolutions against
places we wanted regime
changes. Will history show that we use
social media in other countries to fment
revolutions and cause regime changes? I
don't know. But we definitely did it for
other countries and then uh also used
censorship to repress opinions that were
you know
opposing. So the big part of their our
influence on other
countries was controlling social media
through censorship but also creating
messages and you know making them look
like they were bigger than they were.
Then he says those tactics were turned
against the American people after the
revolutions of 2016. Now that would
include Trump's election as a
revolution. And he said that that would
uh among the things that would be part
of that would be Russia gate um creating
small small groups of experts to decide
what the truth was. you know, the fact
checkers, um, which would be censorship,
uh, just under the guise of, uh, telling
the truth, but it would really be
censorship. And, uh, then there was more
of a direct effort to control the media,
such as the Hunter laptop, where you get
the FBI to tap you on the shoulder and
say, you know, we're not so sure. or you
get the the
51x intel people to say, "hm, yeah,
we're not so sure. It could be uh
Russia, you know, Russia tradecraft."
So, so moving from just censoring speech
to literally just making
up and that it's all done under the uh
guise of essentially controlling or
removing the government in
place and then uh and Shelonburgger
talks about the takeover of independent
journalism through a organiza you know a
European and worldwide organization that
had some control over independent
investigative
journalists and uh essentially you know
it was a control
mechanism through funding and whatever
else. Now will history record
that? Do you think you'll ever see a
history book? you know, will will your
teenager ever come home and say, "Oh, I
just learned that the US government took
the tools that it used to try to
influence the overthrow of foreign
countries, and they just turned it
inward because Trump seemed like such a
such a risk to their nice little setup
in which they were all making money and
had power that uh they tried to
basically use those same tools against
us."
I don't think that will ever be part of
history,
but at least we know
it. At least we know
it.
Um, I don't know about this story. It's
too
complicated. Too complicated. Too
complicated for a Saturday.
Uh so I saw a video that today it's the
first time I saw it said Trump said that
uh we might reach a Ukraine mineral deal
on
Thursday. What year was he talking
about? Did it happen on
Thursday two days ago or yesterday? Two
days ago. Did we get a mineral deal or
was he talking about next
week? because if he's talking about next
week, that's kind
of it's kind of
strange.
Um, so does anybody know about a mineral
deal with Ukraine that's either imminent
or already happened? Cuz I'm betting
against it. Oh, I I'm betting that even
if one gets signed, it would just all
fall apart cuz I do think that the
Ukrainians are so committed to criminal
activity that they can't possibly be
trusted with any kind of a
deal. I don't think they could be
trusted with aid. I don't think they
could be trusted with a war. I don't
think they could be trusted with an
election. And I definitely don't think
they could be trusted with, you know, a
multi-billion dollar mineral
deal. So, I don't think that's going to
happen or if it happens, I don't think
it's going to
work. I saw Conor McGregor talking to um
Tucker Carlson. And remember when you
thought Conor McGregor might run for
office and run in Ireland and try to
change things? Well, apparently the
Irish system doesn't allow just anybody
to run for office. So, I don't know the
details, but it's not like a democracy
where you could just sort of prove
yourself and become popular and then run
for office. I guess it's kind of a
closed system and he doesn't have any
way to get into it. So he can't run in
maybe in a theoretical way he could, but
in an actual real world way he can't
actually get nominated and run for
anything. So what are you going to
do? So he, you know, he's claiming about
the mass migration and it's completely,
you know, overrunning the the Irish, you
know, culture. And uh as Tucker pointed
out, the the Irish didn't try to conquer
anybody. They they were never col col
colonizing anybody. They were sort sort
of just minding their own business for
eons and eons. And now they're being
completely replaced and destroyed by
mass migration. Uh Tucker said that if
you go there, there's no advertisements
that show
Irish. all all the Irish advertising
shows uh people from other ethnicities
sort of like we see in the United States
but worse I
guess so at the moment I don't see any
path for Ireland to survive
as
Ireland it doesn't look like there's any
path um you know I think I think
McGregor was
threatening you know making sort of
indirect threatened threats to the um to
the leadership if they keep doing what
they're doing, but I don't see anything
that could
happen. I I can't imagine that there
would be any response. So, it looks like
Ireland is on just a suicide path in
terms of the Irish citizens that are
have been there forever. So, that yeah,
they will I assume they will become
Islamicized.
Um, apparently the Iran talks are
continuing. Now, I don't think there is
any chance of Iran reaching a deal
except
except here's a here's a wild
card. So, there was some news out of
China that China successfully uh is
running a thorium reactor.
Now, a thorium reactor, this would be
the first one, and it's it's up and it's
operational. And it's not a test site.
It's actually a actually a nuclear power
plant. And the thorium reactor does not
use the
uranium that normal reactors would use.
Now, if you have a if you have an energy
source that doesn't use uranium, then
you don't have to worry about um taking
the uranium up to nuclear weapons grade
because those two things work together.
You know, if you have a domestic
uraniumbased nuclear experts, the same
experts can use that expertise to refine
the uranium until it could be a bomb.
Now, we've said that under no conditions
can Iran have the bomb. I don't know if
this is still true, but you you can
correct me on this. Didn't Iran used to
say, "But we have a right to domestic
nuclear power and that's all we're
doing." Could it be possible that if uh
China were willing to share its thorium
reactor technology with Iran that we
could say, well, if what you really want
is a
robust energy
source that's not your own oil cuz
that's not the best energy source for
electricity. Um that you could go
thorium and everybody would be happy. So
you wouldn't get to build a bomb and we
wouldn't have to worry about it and you
but you could build these nuclear power
plants so it would be safer and not have
a military
possibility. So I'm just going to throw
that in there as a wild card. Now you'd
have to also believe that Iran means it
when they say we just need a domestic
nuclear program. But hey, once we have
that, you can't tell us what we can and
cannot do with it. So, I don't know if
they'd agree to it, but it would
certainly expose the question of whether
they really meant to just have a
domestic, you know, peaceful power
situation. Anyway, so thorium, it's
coming. All right, that's all I got for
today. Um, as I told you, Owen
Gregorian's going to host a uh spaces
right after this. It won't take long.
Um, I'm going to say a few words
privately to the local subscribers. I'll
be short so that you have time to go
over and watch uh listen to Owen
Gregorian on spaces on X to keep the
conversation going on these topics or
anything else I think you think you
think is interesting.
All right. Um, thanks for joining if
you're on X or Rumble or YouTube. I'll
remind you if you joined late that uh
I'm on some muscle relaxants right now
because I got some back problems. Um, so
if it sounds like I'm drunk or slurring
my words, that's why. I'm definitely
slurring my words. Uh, but my brain is
kind of working. So, we'll see you
tomorrow, same time, same place. And uh
locals, I'm going to come at you in 30
seconds privately.