find out what's going on. Ah, don't
check the stock market. But whatever you
do, if you don't want to ruin your day,
don't look at your
stocks. But it's early, so we'll see.
Anything could happen. Anything could
happen. The world is full of surprises.
Let me get your comments going here and
then then we're going to have some
fun because you know nobody understands
these complicated situations the way I
do. Uh that's not true at all. It's
closer to say that nobody understands
the situations, but we're all very
confident. Very confident.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
it's the best time you'll ever have in
your life. But if you think you can take
it up to a level that nobody's ever seen
before in their entire human existence,
all you need for that is a cup of mug or
a glass of tanker cheline, a canteen
jug, a flask, a vessel of any kind. and
fill it with your favorite liquid. I
like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine of
the day. The thing makes everything
better except maybe the tariffs. It's
called the simultaneous sip and it
happens. Now
go. That was
terrific. Did you get it? It was
terrific. I'm so proud of that. So
proud. All right. Should we talk about
all the
things? I guess we should just start
with tariffs. Eh, what do you think
about that? So, President Trump in a
speech in the Rose Garden laid out his
tariff situation.
Um, and uh, it's not exactly reciprocal,
but there were like different amounts
for each country. Now, if you wondered
what the uh, formula was or what the
thinking was for why each country had a
different tariff and it wasn't just
matching the other tariffs. Um, let me
explain the math to you. I mean, it's
very simple. uh you take the uh the
interest rate and you divide it by the
gross national product of each country
multiplied by the number of imports
uh divided by the current tariff
uh and then I believe you add two uh you
carry the three and then you add some
random numbers to it and then you put it
on a
chart. Now, if you've got a better idea
of how the president came up with those
numbers, I'm all ears. But I'm gonna I'm
gonna put a uh a flag in
the flag in the mountain. I'm going to
stick a flag somewhere, which is I think
it's now officially foolish for me to
believe any numbers coming out of the
government. I'm not going to believe any
of the tariff numbers at all. I'm not
going to believe any of the economic
numbers. I'm not going to believe any of
the Doge claims, although I think
everything's working directionally
correctly. So, I'm going to go with my
my normal theme that uh Trump might be
full of hyperbole. He's always
negotiating and uh things are working in
the right direction. But if you think
the exact numbers are telling you
something, maybe yes, maybe no. The only
thing I know is I can't check them. And
the Democrats have a push back on pretty
much all of them. So if you didn't know
that the Democrats have a push back that
you wouldn't know if it sounds good or
not, you would hear it and go, "Huh, I
know that might be true." But then
again, it might not be true because it's
the
Democrats. So,
uh, no, I'm not going to trust Trump on
any
numbers. That That's not a good
play. I'm going to trust Trump that he's
doing um what he believes and the other
smart people around him like Scott
Bessend. Um he's doing what the smart
people in his administration would agree
is very good for America in the long run
and there might be some pain in the
short run. So to me directionally I
think we're we're fine and we'll see how
it all shakes
out. the chart he had uh that Trump had
that showed uh you know what what the uh
tariffs were from the other countries
and what ours are uh was very
persuasive very persuasive and uh but
not necessarily very accurate or
comprehensible but very persuasive. I I
liked uh at least the chart people did a
great
job. Um, so I saw lots of theories about
how the numbers were derived and where
they came from. Um, I don't believe any
anything about the numbers. I don't
believe the actual numbers. I don't
believe that they're going to stay the
same. I don't believe that we know
um accurately what the other countries
were charging us because I think they
were might have included tariffs plus
VAT taxes plus any kind of duties. So,
it seemed like it was a grabag of
concepts and we're not going to really
understand it, but it certainly got
everybody's attention, didn't it? And
we're already seeing a few companies or
a few countries were making moves to
negotiate. For example,
um so I think uh Vietnam and Canada's
made a move at least at least part of
Canada, not the whole country.
Um, I think Mexico's responded that they
won't try to batch it. So, countries are
already responding, which is what we
wanted. And, uh, I saw a post by Bill
Aman.
Um, this is something that I was
thinking, but if I said it, I would be
mocked. Uh, because it sounds like it's
just too much in the bag for Trump. Uh,
and I'm totally in the bag for Trump.
But even I wouldn't have said this. So,
Bill Aman posts, "Sometimes the best
strategy in a negotiation is convincing
the other side that you're
crazy." Now, you've heard me teach you
that, right? I I I've spoken at length
about the concept of negotiating from
the point of insanity where you act
completely irrational about at least one
thing that you're asking for.
And if you can convince the other side
that you're
irrational, then they're going to give
up on trying to rationally change your
mind and they're just going to say, "All
right, you know, I'll try to make do
with the rest of this contract, but that
one thing that you rationally want, I
guess there's nothing I can do. You're
just going to have to I guess I'll just
have to live with that." So, is that
what Trump is doing? Is Trump acting
like a
madman to uh convince people that
there's no point in negotiating with
him? I would say no. I don't think
that's what's going on. I think he is um
causing
confusion. I think he doesn't mind,
which is different than doing it
intentionally. I think that the numbers
are so complicated and maybe smart
people could disagree what the current
tariffs are and what they should be and
you know what's the right number. So if
you tried to get the right numbers it
would be sort of a fool's errand because
nobody would ever agree that you
calculated it correctly. There probably
50 ways you could calculate this stuff.
So, I do agree that trying too hard to
get the numbers accurate wouldn't buy
you
anything. I do like the fact that
putting it out there made every country
take it
seriously. And, you know, he he has the
attention of the entire
world. Let's compare that to Cy Booker.
Cy Booker spent 25 hours or what was it?
25 hours speaking in the Senate and
nobody even knows what his topic was
after 25 hours of speaking. Did you have
a point, Corey? Was there was there
something you were asking for or you
know I'm missing the point of this.
Whereas Trump goes out, he gives a
one-hour speech in the Rose Garden and
causes every country on earth to stop
what they were doing and put their full
focus on their tariff situation with the
United
States. Now, that's the difference
between acting in quotes, which is what
Booker was doing. He was just acting,
putting on a one-man play, versus Trump,
who is acting. He he acted on something
that's been a a concern for decades and
a lot of people have shared the concern
that other countries might be taking
advantage of us. So, um if you're
watching a news program that doesn't
start talking about the tariffs as in
the first thing you say that it's a
negotiation opening bid. That's not real
news. It it's a real good way to know
what the fake news is. The real news
would say this is an opening bid to
negotiations because that's what the
administration says. It's what Trump
says. It's what Bill Aman understands.
It's what you and I know. these the the
correct frame is that he just made the
entire world pay attention to him and
take seriously the things we want them
to take seriously and know that they've
got to change or it's going to be a
problem for
them. Now, one of the things I teach you
is that in persuasion, the first thing
you have to get right is to get their
attention and make them think it's their
top thing they have to deal with. Did
Trump do that? Did Trump get the
attention of these other countries? Yes.
Did he make them think it's the top
thing that they have to deal with? Yes.
Home run. If I were to grade him on
negotiating,
uh we don't have a you know, we don't
have a uh result yet. So, I can't give
him a final grade. But
preparation
A+. Uh are his numbers accurate? Don't
care. doesn't matter. It won't it won't
make any difference to the outcome. Uh
did it make people think he's crazy?
Maybe. Does that help him? It
might. Does it make people feel really
uncomfortable and uncertain and worried
about their future? Yes. Will that help
him? Yes. Because they're going to want
to get rid of the uncertainty. So, he's
going to make them negotiate with
themselves, which is how about how about
5%. No. How about uh how about how about
we cut it 10%. No, that's making
somebody negotiate with themselves. So,
if you can make the other countries feel
uncertain and worried enough and more
uncertain and more worried than you are,
which is the big win, uh then they're
going to start moving in your direction
even without you negotiating.
So, we'll see if that works. But I'll
tell you, any news that that talks about
the tariffs as anything but a
negotiating frame are lying to you.
They're lying stupid weasels. Now, the
other thing I should warn you about is
anybody who's confident that it's a bad
idea.
If you're confident that what Trump has
done is a bad idea, you're probably an
idiot because confidence should not be
any part of this. We don't know how this
is going to work out. I don't know how
this is going to work out. If I told
you, oh, this is definitely this is
definitely going to work out just the
way we want. All the all the tariffs
will go away and we'll make a trillion
dollars. I don't know that. Nobody knows
that. But I would be equally stupid to
say, "Oh, it's just a tax. Everybody's
prices will go up and we'll get nothing
from it and everything was fine before
then." Stupid. That that's just frankly
stupid. Cuz you don't know that. You
don't know what the end result of any of
this will be. But the one thing I can
tell you is that he just took
control. So he owns the argument.
He he has the high ground because he's
at least demonstrated that things were
unfair to the United States in however
you want to measure that. So he's made
his first persuasive win which is the
whole the whole world was taking
advantage of us.
Even if you don't believe the exact
numbers he used and you go back and you
look at the numbers for
yourself, you're going to say to
yourself, "Oh, whatever numbers you look
at, you could pick any source and it's
still going to say, "Oh, I guess I see
his point. It looks like these were not,
you know, the same. They were treating
us differently than we were treating
them." So, he has a complete victory on
phase one of persuasion. Complete
victory. Uh, are his numbers good? Nope.
I I don't believe a single one of his
numbers. Um, is he causing the markets
to go into chaos? Yes. Yes. Won't last.
Oh, well, let's let me put it this way.
I don't know if it'll last, but the play
was always that he would royal things up
in the short run and then things would
calm down as we got more clarity later
and there's more negotiating, etc. So,
the fact that the markets are
royd doesn't say it's wrong or right,
because that's exactly what he said he
was going to do. Nobody should be
surprised by
that. Chris Hayes of uh
NBC, MSNBC says, quote, for that he put
these tariffs on people for no
reason. That that's a smart guy in
MSNBC saying that Trump put the tariffs
on quote for no reason and he's plunging
the United States into economic crisis.
Are either of those statements accurate?
No, he definitely had a
reason. It's called
negotiating and trying to treat, you
know, America first. How in the world
could you be a talking
head, you know, a lawyer and smart
enough to have a job on MSNBC and after
all of
this. You say there's no
reason. You might not like the reason,
but there's definitely a reason. And
it's pretty well articulated. They're
screwing us. We're trying to stop it.
It's
negotiation. Boom.
Um, is it plunging the United States
into economic crisis?
No. Anything could happen. You know, I'm
not saying that it can't happen because
again, certainty is the only stupid
opinion. Let me say that again.
Certainty about how this all works out
is the only stupid opinion. That's just
stupid. Nobody has certainty. We're
We're all non-experts on tariffs. The
way they're being used, the way they're
being used, nobody's ever seen, it's
brand new
territory. The only thing we can say for
sure is if it's a
negotiation, has Trump set the table
correctly? And the answer is yes. From
from the perspective of setting the
table. Now, can he bring it home? Don't
know. Don't know. If I told you yes, I
would be stupid. That would be stupid.
Cuz I can't know how this turns out. I
can only know that from
the perspective of what would a good
persuader do, what would a good
negotiator do? It would look pretty much
just like this. So, I'm pretty happy
with the setting of the table.
Um, and uh, Chris Hayes calls it the
worst case scenario. Is it? Is it the
worst case
scenario? I feel like the worst case
scenario would be the Tesla protests
taking Doge out of it and and uh Tesla
and uh, Trump, I'm sorry, and Musk
saying, "All right, screw it. I'm going
to quit this whole Doge thing because
you're burning down my assets." That
would be the worst case scenario because
then we would die from debt.
Certainly, that's called the worst case
scenario. Making other countries worry
about their tariff situation as their
top priority until we work it out with
them. That is not even close to the
worst case scenario. It might be closer
to the best case scenario. And do you
know what's the difference between being
positive that it's the best case
scenario or positive that it's the worst
case scenario? They're both
stupid. I don't know which one it is,
but I know if you're certain it's the
worst case scenario, that's just stupid.
The same as if you think, oh, tomorrow
it all be fixed and everything will be
better. Also stupid. Those are things we
can't know at this
point. All right. And of course, Chris
Aes never mentioned that it's a
negotiating frame. That is not real
news, people. That is fake news.
Intentional fake news. They obviously
know it's a negotiating frame. If they
don't mention it, that is fake
news. So, Ran Paul is not happy happy
about the uh tariffs. He appeared with
Democrat Tim Kaine on Fox News to argue
his point. Um, his point was
incoherent, which is weird because Rand
Paul is one of the more capable,
rational people in Congress. And I I
like the fact that he's um generally
consistent with his own principles. But
what that caused him to do in this case
is
to act irrational. So I believe that his
take is that all tariffs are
bad, but we don't live in a world where
we were starting with zero tariffs. So
he's literally reasoning from the
imaginary. So we shouldn't put pe we
should not add tariffs because tariffs
are attacks and they're
bad. And a and and if you're done after
saying tariffs are bad so we shouldn't
add them. You're just you're arguing
from imagination. You're not arguing
from reality. Reality is that that
tariffs have been here for
ever and we've been tariffing people and
they've been tariffing us and we became
the strongest nation on earth with
tariffs. If we adjust them again, how
does Rand Paul know know that it will
make things worse? Uh a tariff is a tax.
Yes, we know that. And by the way,
arguing that it's not a tax, that's not
a strong argument. It's definitely a
tax. In effect, the effect of it is a
tax. It's just that we're in the
negotiating frame, and we'd like their
tax on us to go away, and we'd like
their tax, you know, we'd like taxes
both ways to go away. Um, Ran Paul's
other point was that he doesn't like I
guess Trump's administration used the uh
some kind of emergency rules so that
they didn't need Congress to approve
what is effectively
uh a raise in taxes, the tariffs. So
that part I think he's um at least he's
always consistent about what is the job
of Congress and what is the job of a
president and you could debate that one.
Um, on the other hand, I do like the
fact that Trump is not being stopped by
procedure. Now, you don't want him to go
full dictator, so you should be a little
alert to how much rule bending there is.
But as long as he's willing to do what
courts tell him is legal and willing to
stop doing things that courts say, even
if the courts are just totally biased,
um he's not violating
courts. So, I'm not worried about
fascism or him becoming a dictator as
long as the courts still can call them
and as long as anybody has access to the
courts to make their case. So, we'll
see. Maybe maybe there'll be some kind
of court case on this one and then we'll
see if Rand Paul wins or not. Um but I
do like
action over oh I can't do anything
because the rules uh there there's no
way I can fix the whole country uh
because of
rules. Sometimes you got to bend the
rules. You know, I I've often used this
example that if you're a employee of a
big company and you wanted to destroy
the company from the inside, the best
way to do it would be to follow all the
rules because if you follow all the
rules in a big company, you would never
get anything done and then you would go
into business. People have to break
rules in the real world. bending and
abusing and breaking a rule is kind of
the only way anything ever happens. It
It's the thing that stops weak people
from doing anything. And it's it's the
reason that strong people can
consistently succeed because they look
at a rule and they go, "Maybe not." You
know the company
Uber? Uh do you remember that when Uber
first launched, it was completely
illegal for anybody to uh start their
own taxi service in the big cities
because the existing taxi business had
some kind of monopoly on it and they
sold medallions and you know that
determined how many taxis there were and
Uber had none of that. So should Uber
not exist? the entire Uber industry is
because they they broke a rule and then
they figured out how to keep breaking it
and then they got powerful enough that
probably they had enough lobbyists and
lawyers that they could just keep
fighting it and they just beat the taxis
into submission over time.
I'll bet you if you were to look at any
big successful company, there was at
least one point at which they had to
beat a rule into submission or avoid it
or or skirt it. Now, are is that bad? Do
you do you feel that the world is a
worse place because Uber is a really
good service that you can use? No. What
you do care about is that they were
working on your side, meaning they were
trying to make the world, in this case
the United States first, uh, more
efficient, lower your costs, make it
just an easier, better experience to go
somewhere. And, uh, if Trump's doing the
same thing, uh, bending a rule because
it's the only way to fix the United
States, I'm all for it. You just have to
put it in context.
anything that's good for you or the
world or the country or a big company,
it's going to come with at least a
little something that's a rule bendy
quality to it. If if you haven't lived
enough, you don't see that as true. But
if you've lived enough, you know, you
always got to bend a little bit, bend
some kind of rule. You just, you know,
as long as we're all watching,
uh, I think that's a safe
situations. Well, according to
Clipkeeper, C L Y P spelling of clip, um
CNN is using their orange filter on
Trump when he gave his speech. Uh so the
clip keeper showed side by side what it
looked like if you were watching on Fox
News and it looked like Trump's skin was
normal skin like an ordinary person. And
if you watched on CNN, he looked like a
pumpkin.
Now, do you think that's an accident?
You know, after what he ended with Joe
Rogan when they said he was eating horse
paste or
something? I don't know. To me, it looks
like a choice, but I mean, it could have
been an accident. Could have been
different lighting, different camera
settings, and they just thought it
looked right or something. But, uh, keep
your eye on that because the visual
makes a big
difference. So, let's see some other
reactions to the, uh, tariffs. Uh
there's a commerce secretary under
George W. Bush, a fellow named Carlos
Gutteras. So he went on CNBC and he said
that Trump's tariffs won't be in place
by the end of this year because other
countries will rush to the negotiating
table. What's that called?
Smart. So the ex uh commerce secretary
under George W. Bush is treating this
exactly the smart way which is it's a
negotiation that is the primary way you
should look at it not the secondary way
it's the primary way you should look at
it and then he predicts an outcome which
is the most logical outcome from seeing
it as negotiation which is all the
countries need to find some way to make
this work and it's going to be somewhere
somewhere closer to what the United
States wants. than where it
was. Meanwhile, Doug Ford up in Canada
uh says that
uh that if that they'd be willing to
drop all their tariffs if Trump
did, that's exactly what we want. Now,
he's only what is he? Ontario. So, he's
not the head of the whole country. He's
Ontario
premere. So, but he's saying directly
and cleanly and without insult. He's
saying, "Well, we we'll we'll drop all
our tariffs tomorrow." Now, I don't
think he has, you know, control over all
of Canada, so you know, his opinion
might not matter that much, but that's
what we want to hear. That's exactly
what we want to hear. We love Canada. We
want to be, you know, besties with
Canada. We want to get through it. We
think the best situation is no no
tariffs. And by the way, that would
remove one of the best incentives for
Canada to become a 51st
state because it would remove trade as
an obstacle. So then we'd be able to
trade with Canada just like you would
trade across states. So that's exactly
what we want. Now, does that make a
difference? We'll see. But you're
already seeing that
reasonable people in other countries and
reasonable people who are not directly
involved in the process can look at this
and say, "Oh yeah, let's negotiate.
We'll make this
work." But uh what about uh other
people? Let's see. Mitch
McConnell, what is wrong with that guy?
He he just took sides with a lot of the
Democrats and voted 51 to 48 to kill
President Trump's tariffs on
Canada. Why would he do that? Is Mitch
McConnell so out of it that he doesn't
understand that this is a
negotiation? I mean, at least Ontario
already just said, "Hey, okay, how about
no how about no tariffs?" That's a
complete win. Now, now the vote in uh in
Congress doesn't make any difference. I
think it has to be 2/3 or something. So
that it doesn't have any practical
implications except that it makes Mitch
McConnell look like a pathetic
idiot. Um why would he do it? Like why
is he even doing
it? It it's just
baffling. Well, let's talk about some
more of fake news. Um, have you been
watching how CNN and
MSNBC continually report as if it's a
fact, but it's not? It's a lie, that uh
the Doge Project and Trump uh want to
cut Social Security and
Medicare? Have you heard them report
that like it's a fact? It's the opposite
of effect because both Trump and Musk
have said over and over and over again,
we're not even looking at cutting the
benefits to people. We're looking at
getting rid of the waste and fraud so
that there's a greater chance that there
will be money for the people. So, it's
the opposite of what they're reporting.
And they know it. This is the
thing that bugs me. They know it. And
and even if like let's say one talking
head didn't know
it, the network knows it, the producers
clearly know it, you don't think that
they should do a little
self-correcting, but no. Abby Phillip on
CNN, who's one of the purveyors of the
Fine People hoax, by the way, so she has
no credibility as a news person
whatsoever. But uh she blatantly lied
talking to uh the governor of uh
ex-governor of Wisconsin. and she was
talking to Scott Walker and she throws
out that uh you know that Trump would
cut Social Security and Medicare
benefits
uh even though he said exactly the
opposite and even though they're saving
the benefits, not destroying them. And
uh Governor Walker, to his credit, would
have none of it. So he fact checked her
in real time. Do you think she then
said, "Oh, uh really, uh you know, I
have different information." And uh here
here's my quote that proves I'm right.
No. Did she say but uh exgovernor,
you're forgetting that one of them said
this and then say something that was
true? No. No. Did she say I better take
a look at that because I was pretty sure
that they said they would cut it? No.
No. She simply tried to talk over him
and make the time go away and then
change the subject.
So, but now that she's been informed
publicly by somebody who, you know, is
credible and knows what they're talking
about, do you think from now on she'll
say, "Well, they definitely are not
looking to cut the benefits of Social
Security and Medicare." I used to think
that they were, but you know, after uh
uh after Scott Walker filled me in, I
checked it out and found out, well, he
was right. They've never once said that
they are actually just trying to save it
from going bankrupt so that that you can
get your benefits
fully. No, I would expect her to lie
about it the very next time she talks
about it. So, I think Abby Phillip is
one of the worst uh credibility people
on CNN. I'm surprised she still has a
job. Well, I guess I shouldn't be.
Um, here's my take. So, uh I think uh
Elon Musk just reposted this right
before I became I came right before I
went online. Um so I'm just going to
read it the way I posted it because I
think it I thought about it enough that
I think it's worded correctly. So here's
the first thing. The biggest threat to
the citizens of the United States is
uncontrolled government spending
creating ruinous debt. Do you agree so
far? Now, you might say, well, you know,
Russia might go nuclear,
but probably not. I mean, if if they
did, it'd be pretty very bad, but
probably
not. But if we didn't do anything about
our debt situation and government
spending, we are definitely dead. The
whole country is dead. Do you agree with
me so far that the debt is a existential
threat as in we're no longer a country
and it's not going to take a long time
certainly within just a few years
because we're already way beyond the
point where we can handle that level of
debt unless we make radical you know
dogeelike cuts. All right. So if you
believe the first and you should because
it's sort of obvious that uh ruinous
spending and debt are the biggest risk
to the United States and that we're
already looking into the abyss on debt.
There's and so time matters. We're we're
not solving the 20 year from now
problem. We're solving
the 18 months from now you're out of
business as a country. I think it's that
close. It's an emergency. It's the most
important thing that's happening in the
country. All right. Next, the only
possible solution is Doge. And they're
making
progress. Okay. So far, nobody else has
an idea. We know that the government
can't be asked to do it themselves. We
we're all confident that that's true.
It's just got to be an external force.
It's got to be a really really smart
external force. And it's got to be an
external force that is unusually
capable. That's what we have. Good for
us. So, we have the most ruinous,
dangerous, existential threat in my
lifetime. It's the biggest one I've
seen. I mean, when I was when I was a
kid, I was worried about the Soviet
Union nuking us. But since
then, this is the biggest threat I've
seen to the existence of the United
States and my own life, really.
and uh Doge is the only thing that's
making progress against it and it looks
like it's
working. Now, the next thing you need to
know is that the main goal of Democrats
is to stop
Doge and no one has asked a prominent
Democrat or a Tesla demonstrator to
explain that. Can you
explain why you're trying to stop the
only thing that could save the United
States?
Why would you be opposed to the one and
only thing? Now, I I get the whole
scalpel, no chainsaw, but since it's
obvious that whatever whatever Doge
started out as, it very quickly self
adjusted. Well, maybe external force
adjusted it, but they very quickly
adjusted to uh the cuts will be approved
by the cabinet members. So the
government itself will be the making the
final decisions, not Doge and very
scalpelike. So it's not really a a good
a good critique to say, "Oh, they're not
even paying attention to what they're
cutting." Now, the other the other
complaints are uh they don't even know
what they're cutting.
That is a little closer to true. Meaning
that our accounting systems are so
pathetic that you might not know what's
going to happen if you cut a particular
budget in a particular department
because you wouldn't know even what it
was connected to. But how do you find
out? You cut
it. There's not a second way that I if
you're if you're working on and I'll
just say an 18month you you're all dead
if you don't fix this. You cut it. And
and if 30 days from now somebody says,
"Oh my god, my god, uh the gay fish are
dying or whatever it is," then you say
to yourself, "Well, I don't really care
about those fish." And you're glad you
cut it. But if they say, "What? Did you
know that part of this was used to feed
poor children in America?" Then you say,
"Oh, uh, let's quickly put that back
in."
So, even the they don't know what
they're cutting is just such a weak,
low-end,
inexperienced kind of a complaint. It
just doesn't understand the real world
even a little bit, how anything
works. So, that's what I want to see. I
want to see the uh the right-leaning
media and the left-leaning media ask the
same question. If you're a Democrat, can
you explain to me why you're opposed to
the one and only thing that could save
this country, which is a major strong
push to reduce our expenses as quickly
as possible? Explain it. What What
What's your alternative path? The So
far, we've we've let Democrats get away
with what I call the half opinion. A
full opinion is well there are costs and
their benefits to every decision. Let's
talk about the costs. We'll talk about
the benefits and we'll see which one is
bigger. We don't do that. We just let
the Democrats talk about what might go
wrong. That's dumb. That's stupid.
That's not doing your job if you're in
the media. If your job is to do the news
and to figure out like what's going on
and inform the public, you better ask
the Democrats what their plan is. Do
they have a plan? Oh, we're going to
bring all our scalpoles and and then
we'll let the Democrats decide what to
cut. Does anybody think that's the real
plan? No. Tell us your plan for saving
the country that's driving as fast as it
can over a cliff that's probably 18
months away. Tell us your plan.
Otherwise, shut the up about the
people who are risking their lives
literally to save the country from the
biggest existential threat of my adult
life. And can the media please do your
 job for about 10 seconds? Your
job is to ask them that question. It's
not my job to tell you what question to
ask. You ask that question. You know,
that's the important question. Why don't
you ask it? And this this applies to
left-leaning and
right-leaning. Ask the question, what is
your alternative to save the country
from going off the cliff in 18 months?
What is your
alternative? If you don't have one, shut
the up and let the real people who
are serious do the work and then let Cy
Booker do his, "Oh, I'm so tired. Oh,
what's it been? 18 hours? Oh, I have a
topic, I think, but I don't don't
remember what it was. I'm so tired. Look
at me, everybody. Look at me. Look at my
play. It's a oneman play. Oh, look at
me. We are not serious
people. Uh, the newest fake news is that
uh that all the anti- Doge, anti- Elon
Musk stuff has worked. It's worked
because he says he might be leaving the,
you know, leaving the project in
sometime in the near future, which was
always the plan. He had 130day contract.
There's there's some government rule
that says 130 days is the magic number.
And that would be late May. And there's
no indication whatsoever that he has a
plan to leave before late May. He does
say that he thinks he can hit his
trillion dollar top uh target by then.
Again, I'm not going to believe any
numbers that come out of any part of the
government. Doge, non-doge, tariffs,
non-tariffs. I don't believe any
numbers, but it does look every every
indication is that they're making
massive movements in the right
direction.
So yeah, that's that's just the latest
lie because imagine how embarrassing it
would be to be the Democrats and they
put all of their effort into taking the
legs out of Musk and all he's going to
do is serve out his term exactly like he
said and be successful when he's done.
And what are they going to do after he
leaves? Because he would just be leaving
on on the agreed timeline. uh Trump and
he would thank each other and think that
they both did an amazing job. The
Republicans would say that's just the
greatest
American contribution I've ever seen.
That's what I would say. I I would say,
you know, other than the military, which
of course stands alone, uh in terms of
their service to the country, you can't
compare to that. But for a
citizen, there's no bigger risk. There's
no bigger contribution than what you're
seeing from both Trump who's risked his
life and Elon Musk who's risking his
life and his companies, his legacies,
his reputation. He's risking it all. If
if he does that and gets the win, it
will be one of the greatest things
that's ever happened in the history of
the United States. It will be a rebirth
that you've never seen
before. Anyway, so
um I'm hoping that the Tesla domestic
terrorists have
decreased. It feels to me like I'm
seeing fewer of them as I'm seeing more
stories about prosecutions. And that's
the way it should work, right? If enough
people get prosecuted, there should be
enough people who say, "Uh, I don't
think so." Because it feels to me like
the Democrats are so in such a bubble
about what's true and what's not true
and what's right and what's wrong that
they think that destroying other
people's
property is perfectly
acceptable. But they don't want to get
caught. So you can't change the fact
that they think that destroying private
property is acceptable.
But you can definitely change their risk
profile by giving 20 years to somebody
who set one on fire and making sure that
we see endless videos of somebody trying
to key a Tesla and then getting caught
because it's always on video. So I like
that. Uh in the meantime, the new Tesla
Model Y, according to Nick Cruz Patain,
I saw this on on X. Uh the new Tesla
Model Y was the bestselling vehicle in
China in the month of March, in the
month of
March. Now, if you haven't seen the uh
the Model Y, the new one,
um apparently people just love it. Uh
now, it is the car I bought for a family
member and it looks great. You know, I
haven't always liked the design of just
the physical design outside look of
Teslas, but when I look at the Model Y,
I just think it's they they somehow took
the design up a level. It It just makes
you feel a certain way when you look at
it now. Now, I I will admit everybody
has their own opinion of what a
good-looking car is. Some people hate
what a Porsche looks like. Some hate
what a BMW looks like. So, it's very
personal, but I had not been
so so impressed by design until I saw
the new Model Y. So, apparently the
Chinese are having a similar experience
and that's the one they most wanted in
March. Here's some other good news. Uh
this is before the tariff information
dropped, so maybe it'll change, but
Breitbart News's John Carney is
reporting that uh hiring accelerated in
March. Um we were already worrying about
the tariffs before we heard the details,
but it didn't stop uh hiring according
to the
ADP. So that's good.
All right, here's the the weirdest story
of the day or I don't know what it is,
but Mayor Adams of New York, you know
that he was being lawfared and the case
against him just sounded suspiciously
weak, like it looked like somebody going
after Trump with a well, you know,
technically this might be illegal, but
nobody would be pursued for it. And then
he met with Trump and they they got
along great. And then I guess there was
a a push to have all the at least the
federal charges dropped and it looks
like they have been dropped um with
prejudice. So dismissed dismissed by the
judge with prejudice. Now Simon Kent
also Breitbart is writing about this.
Now with prejudice means that it it's
such a case that the courts are
saying don't even try bringing this
again later. So that they can't even
bring the same case up again. It was so
weak. That's that's with
prejudice. So So that happens. And that
came two months after the Trump
administration sought to drop the case.
So it finally got done.
Um and then Mayor Adams has been uh
talking to some podcasts and whatnot. He
was on some losers podcast. Uh you can
see I have an opinion about that loser.
It's a loser who has said some bad
things about me when I got cancelled. So
 that guy. But
uh so I'm not even going to mention him.
But Mayor Adams was on there and he said
that uh Trump derangement syndrome is
real. Um he said uh you could like or
dislike Elon Musk, but you don't have
any right blowing up someone's Tesla.
You don't have any right breaking the
law. you know, who do you think you are?
Now, that's what we've been hoping
Democrat leaders in general would
say, but Mayor Adams is in this weird
zone where at least until yesterday, he
was a Democrat.
Um, and you know, he's saying what we
expected Democrats to say. How in the
world do you explain that he's one of
the few people who are willing to say
what Democrats are afraid to say? Oh, he
just he just said he's not going to be a
Democrat anymore. So, he's going to form
an independent party and run for mayor
again.
Now, I don't know how often an
independent wins any
race, but given that he has 100% name
recognition and he's done the job and
the Democrats are a, you know,
disgraced, ridiculous party with ultra
low approval, this might be one of the
situations where you could win. It might
be. So, we'll see. I guess he also uh
Mayor Adams by defending his uh let's
say dismissal of his case he was uh
trying to make sure we understood that
that was part of a deep state move
against him and he ended up recommending
of all things FBI director Cash Patel's
book on the deep
state. I guess Cash Battel wrote a good
book that if you didn't understand what
the deep state is, it it would, you
know, lay it out for you in terms that
are really clear. So, Mayor Adams was is
recommending a book by Cash
Patel. How many of you How many of you
predicted that? I didn't. So when I see
somebody violating like everything that
they're supposed to do, but instead of
doing what they're supposed to do, doing
what is smart and makes sense, and when
you hear it, you go, "Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Okay, that makes sense." Um, I love
that. Love it a
lot. And then if if you're wondering,
Scott, are you being too kind to Mayor
Adams? And maybe he's a weasel and he's
just doing a good job of public
relations. H how could we how could we
be sure? Is Mayor Adams a good guy who's
making all the right choices even though
they're tough ones? Or is he a weasel
who's just doing a great job of, you
know, weasel explaining his way out of
his troubles? Which is it? If only there
were some reliable way to know. Oh, Adam
Schiff just made a video to uh make fun
of uh Mayor Adams and uh especially his
reference to Cash Patel's book. Oh,
there's my
confirmation. If you're doing a bunch of
things that makes Adam Schiff do a video
just to attack you, you ladies and
gentlemen are on the right track. There
is no better indication that you are on
the right side and telling the truth
than Adam Schiff taking the other side
aggressively. Perfect. Perfect. All of
my questions have been
answered. I I can't think of anything
that would be a better endorsement than
Adam Schiff making a video against you.
I hope he makes a video against me. I
mean, that would be like the highlight
of my life if Adam Schiff decided,
"Ladies and gentlemen, I just have to
talk to you about this disgraced
cartoonist." I'd be at home listening to
it saying, "Yes,
yes, total. I'm absolved from
everything."
Anyway,
um, according to the, uh, libs of Tik
Tok account, the DNC, Chuck Schumer, and
Hakee Jeff are all suing Trump over his
executive order to block nonitizens from
voting. It sounds like I misspoke,
doesn't it? Let me say it again, and and
I promise I'm not
misspeaking. I don't know if this is
real, by the way. I I feel like there's
something in the story missing because I
didn't see a I I didn't see a full
source. I just saw one page of a
document. So, I could use a fact check.
I guess I'm not 100% confident this is a
real thing, but do you think the DNC,
Chuck Schumer, and Hakee Jeff were suing
Trump to make sure that non-citizens
could continue to
vote? Because if they are, that would
certainly give up the game, wouldn't it?
The game being that the Democrats are
just looking for anything to win and
they are not concerned with anything
else. They're not concerned with act
action. They like acting, but not
action. and uh they will bring in people
into the country and give them I don't
know social security numbers and tell
them they can vote and some of them
will.
Um I I guess my brain is having a hard
time believing it's even real that they
would go on record and sue so that
they're on record as wanting
non-citizens to vote. I don't know. I
don't know about that. In other news,
Amazon's made some lastminute bid to
acquire Tik Tok and now there are
several entities that want to acquire
it. Um, some smart people are saying
that the the most likely outcome is that
the current investors will just keep
owning it and they'll just roll it over
into some kind of new international
entity with uh no Chinese connection.
But that would involve China saying yes.
So I'm going to be consistent with my
prior prediction. There will be no sale
of Tik Tok and it will just close
operations in the US. Uh and that China
is smart enough to know that Trump would
be blamed for that. Now Trump might be
smart enough to delay it again and say,
"Oh, well maybe I'll delay it six
months, you know, just to keep that out
of the new cycle." But I don't see any
way this gets sold. Do you do do any of
you think that that China would ever
sell it as opposed to just eating the
several billion dollars of value that it
might provide to
them? I I don't think they're going to
sell it. I think they're going to just
say if you cancel it, you're going to
have to deal with the political fallout
of cancing it. Good luck with that. And
it would be a really big fallout. It
would be a big fallout. So I think
China's gonna call Trump's bluff. And I
don't know what I don't know what
exactly Trump would do if they do
that. So I don't see a sale happening,
but we'll
see. Here's something that Mike Benz has
alerted us to,
and I I'm pretty sure it's true. just
because Benz is such a you know reliable
source. But according to him uh at one
point sometime between 2011 and 2014
uh Chief Justice John Roberts of the
Supreme Court and he was in that job at
that time. He traveled to the Czech
Republic and he lived for a week in the
home of Norm Eisen who I believe was the
ambassador to the Czech Republic at that
time and they spent a week together
um allegedly quote working on American
and European rule of law issues
together.
Now, I know a lot of you have said,
"Hey, there's something wrong with
Justice Roberts. You know, we don't
trust him for one reason or another."
And I've I've never bought into any of
that cuz I didn't have any evidence of
anything that sounded suspicious. You
know, I just thought he was independent
and he had his own opinions and he
couldn't always predict where he was
going to go. Uh, but that's part of the
process.
But when I hear that he lived in the
same house
intentionally with Norm
Eisen, I'm just going to tell you to do
your own research on Norm
Eisen. If they are close and they spend
a week together in the same house and
they were working on the same
project, I don't trust Justice Roberts
one bit. He he's his reputation is
absolutely garbage now. Now, that's how
bad Norm Eisen's reputation is, at least
among people on the right. Now, some
would say, and I have to be careful
because he's a lawyer and I don't want
to get sued. So, I'll just say what
other people say about him, that he is
an expert on regime
change, both internationally and
locally, and that he took his expertise
on color revolutions and regime change,
which he apparently allegedly practiced
on other countries on behalf of the
United States. So, it'd be would all be
authorized and legitimate.
um and that he took those skills and
just applied them against Trump and that
he continues to do it and that he's the
main purveyor of lawfare and and one
weasel technique after another and that
uh he's far from being a patriot um and
he's closer to being whatever is the
opposite of that. Now, if that's the
guy that Justice Roberts spent a week
with in his house talking to him about
rule of law for American and European
people, you should be alarmed like a
what is the highest alarm fire? Uh, four
alarm
fire. That is absolutely damning to the
Supreme Court. Absolutely damning. I
can't think of anything that'd be worse.
Um, I I think Mike Ben said something
about he would be less concerned if
Roberts had spent a week on Epstein
Island. Now, that's
hyperbole. But I get it. I I get the
point. If he if he had spent time on
Epstein Island, he didn't, by the way.
That didn't happen. But if he had, I'd
be worried about his personal character.
But you spend a week with Norm Eisen in
his house talking about the rule of law
in the US and
Europe, that's a five alarm
fire for, you know, everything that you
care about
basically.
Anyway, what else is happening? So
apparently the uh according to Fox News,
the uh FBI has been flooded with a
record number of new agent applications
under Cash
Patel. I wonder if that's just because
there were a lot of conservatives who
thought the FBI would be a great place
to work, but not under the old
leadership and that as soon as Cash
Patel came in, they said, "Oh, this
might be a good place to work again." It
might be just that. So, that's a hell of
a good sign for Cash Patel and for the
uh for the FBI as well. Uh, in other
good news, a Daily Wire, Todd Benman's
reporting that uh Trump's war on
fentinel is off to a strong start.
Apparently, they've only caught half as
much fentinel coming across the border.
Now, I always I always mock that
statistic because the amount you catch
isn't the isn't the important part. It's
the amount it's the amount that got in.
You can't really tell how much got in by
how much you
caught. But we will say that h the
amount that got caught is down by about
half.
I do think that given that there's a
reasonably good argument for why it's
happening, you know, Mexico's decided
that they don't want to be tariffed into
extinction. So, they said they would,
you know, work harder against the
cartels. So, maybe that's working. Um,
we've heard that our Reaper drones
flying over the cartel territories is
causing them to have sleepless nights
and maybe have to relocate their labs.
So there might be a production problem
that you can't relocate a lab and then
start it up quickly enough to produce
the same amount you used to produce. So
maybe that's it. I don't know. But uh at
least it's a indication in the right
direction. According to the Daily Wire,
Spencer Linquist, uh the Bill Gates
Foundation and a few other nonprofits
you haven't heard of might lose their
taxexempt status over anti-white
discrimination in scholarship
programs. And I guess the Gates
Foundation has some scholarship programs
that uh are not available to white
people. So yeah, they should lose their
nonprofit status if that's the case. if
if they don't immediately correct that.
I wouldn't want them to lose their
status if they correct it. But yeah, how
about being less racist, Bill Gates?
That'd be great. By the way, when you
know, I've said this a million
times. Racism against uh white people is
mostly driven by white people who are
already successful. And what they're
trying to do is protect their own
position. So if you become a billionaire
and then you say, "Oh, my new current
most important thing is diversity," then
people say, "Oh, well, you're not such a
terrible monster. You're you're looking
to give stuff away and you make sure it
goes to diverse candidates." Yes, you
can keep your billion
dollars. It has I think it has very
little to do with what they're actually
thinking or feeling or their character.
I think it's just pure cover your ass
stuff. So, I'd like to see Bill Gates
cover his ass a little bit better by
being less
racist. Well, let's talk about China.
Apparently, they've got under
development a new one of these mag lev
speedy trains uh that would go 621 miles
hour. So, that would be way faster than
their fastest train and they would have
Wi-Fi and everything else. Now, here's
where I worry that the United States
can't build stuff anymore. The the
success that China has in building
stuff, I mean, they can build so well
that they can build cities and then
knock them
down. You know, it wasn't their first
choice to build it and knock it down,
but they can build so fast. Building a
mag lev train. I mean, that's got to be
the highest level of complexity. and yet
they're just pounding on it and they'll
get it. So, it's very impressive. Yeah,
I gotta say China is one impressive
country. They also have this uh this
breakthrough on uh
mitochondrial on
mitochondria. Now, this won't sound like
a big deal until I tell you why. So,
West China Hospital of Sichuan
University, I guess some scientists have
figured out a stem cell-based method to
produce highquality mitochondria at
scale. And what it would do is allow you
to effectively treat things like
osteoarthritis and other diseases linked
to mitochondrial
dysfunction. So, I'll take a barrel of
that, please. I I wouldn't mind a nice
barrel of good
mitochondria for my
osteoarthritis. So, but I also don't
believe I've seen any Chinese medical
breakthroughs that have turned into
products in the United
States. So, I'm not going to get excited
about that one. Uh meanwhile, and my
last according to US News, uh the US has
banned government workers in China. I
don't know how many government workers
we have in China from dating Chinese
citizens because they might be
spies. So the US has put a strict rule
in place that American government
workers um and their
families um even the families even if
they're not the employee the family of
the employee they can't uh they can't
have relations with Chinese citizens.
Now, my first question would be, even
the really hot
ones, come on. Should be some kind of an
exception for the really hot ones. No.
All right. Well, at least they're
consistent. All right, ladies and
gentlemen, now you understand everything
about tariffs and everything else. Um,
how's the stock market doing right now?
So, give me an update in the uh in the
comments. I I expect it to be down at
least most of today. It might recover if
a number of countries say we're going to
negotiate, but I wouldn't worry too much
about what it is doing today. That seems
like it's temporary no matter
what. All right. Uh I'm going to talk
privately to the uh local subscribers
for a few minutes and the rest of you
I'll see you tomorrow, same time, same
place. Thank you. X and Rumble and
YouTube people, but I'm going private in
30 seconds with locals.