Holy. I'm looking at the stock market.
Tesla up over
5%. The uh S&P index
3.7%. Bitcoin up 2 and a
half.
Wow. Apple up almost
four. Well, looks like things might be
at least evening
out. Let's get our comments going, then
we'll give you the show I'm sure you
deserve.
Do you deserve them? Yes, you
do. You deserve
it. All right.
[Music]
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains. All
you need for that is a cup of mug or a
glass of tank or Charles Stein, a
canteen jugger flask, a vessel of any
kind. Fill it with your favorite liquid.
I like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine of
the day, the thing that makes everything
better. It's called the simultaneous sip
and it happens right
now. Oh, that's some good
stuff. Well, we'll talk about the stock
market and all the tariffs and stuff,
but let me let me ease into it with some
fun news. Now, many of you saw the uh
the TV series Game of Thrones, and you
remember that there were some uh these
big freaky white wolves, and they were
called dire wolves. Now, I didn't know
that direwolves were a real extinct
species, but apparently it's a it's a
real thing. and a company, genetic
startup company called Colossal,
uh, has managed to clone some
direwolves. So, now you can get your own
direwolf. Well, not yet. I mean, they're
not selling them, but I would think
they'd want to. So, they've been extinct
for some 12,000 years, but now you can
get one. I think a woolly mammoth is
going to come soon, but I would like a
woolly mammoth wolf.
Is there any reason we can't start
combining things? I mean, it's
impressive that they recreated something
exactly that existed. I guess they took
a regular wolf and then they gene edited
just the parts that were different to
make it a a dire
wolf. Now, I heard from my neighbor once
that if you have a dog of any kind,
um burglars will stay away from your
house because they don't like to mess
with a dog. But I've got a tiny little
old dog and uh I would like
to, you know, maybe have something a
little scarier. Do you think you can
domesticate any of these
direwolves? Because if a direwolf comes
to the
door, nobody's going to rob your house
if you have a wolf. So, I want a
well-trained, well- behaved but deadly
wolf.
In related news, there's a dog cloning
business. So, this already exists. If
you want to clone your your own dog, uh
New York Post is reporting that uh you
could you could take the DNA from your
deceased
pet and you can have it cloned. And
apparently, it's such a booming
business, they can barely keep up with
it. But like I said, I I think I'd like
the clone
Snickers, but I liked her also to be a
little more dire wolf than she is. So,
it'd be like, "All right, you like
treats and you like bugging me all day,
but uh could you also be a wolf to
protect my house?" And I think
someday, someday I'm going to get my own
wolf.
Well, meanwhile on the Xplatform, uh,
Elon Musk is allegedly, according to the
BBC, clamping down on parody accounts. I
thought that was already done. Wasn't it
already a rule that you had to you had
to say you're a parody or you're fake?
But apparently the rule is that you must
say you're a parody or a
fake. I'm not sure how new that is. It
feels like that was that's been the case
for a while. But uh that's a good idea
because I get I get impersonated now and
then an ex. So I wouldn't mind having a
little more clarity on
that. Thanks Vic.
Um, how many of you saw I guess Joe
Rogan had a uh interesting guest, Ben
Lamb, and he talked about, speaking of
genetic stuff, he talked about gene
editing of human beings in
China. So, allegedly, China might be
ahead of us. You could argue if that's
really ahead, ahead of us in uh the
ability to gene edit humans.
So, there's one story I I don't know how
confirmed this is, that they did some
testing on uh making some babies that
were gene edited to be resistant to
HIV. Does that sound real? I don't know.
I I give that a maybe. Maybe. Um, but
then there's rumor that maybe China has
also experimented with making kids who
are more
intelligent. You know what I think? I
think if you tried to make intelligent
humans more intelligent, you would have
just the worst
problems. Because there's a movie I used
to love, it was one of the best movies
ever called Little Man
Tate. And it was about a little kid who
was a genius. And the the the thing I
loved about it is it it accurately
showed that if you're too smart, you can
see all the things that can go wrong.
You can see all the dangers and all the
evil of the world cuz he's smart. And if
you're a kid and there's nothing you can
do about those evils, it just makes you
crazy. So yeah, so Jody Jody Foster
played the mom in that movie. It was a
great movie. And I think that the
smarter you are, the more mentally
tortured you are. Elon Musk says that
about himself and I have observed that
there is certain amount of intelligence
that does make people a little
squirrely. Um, thankfully I'm just below
that level.
I'm smart enough to get some stuff done,
but not so smart that I have to go to go
to a
therapist. So, so I hit the sweet spot.
Kind of kind of lucky
there. I don't know. What do you think?
It seems to me that uh with AI coming
that having smarter citizens won't make
that much difference because in theory
we're only a few years away from AGI.
I'm not sure I believe it, but let's
just go with it. So, if we had
AGI, so that's the you what would be the
next level of um of
AI. Do we really need extra smart
people? How much do we need them?
Because they're not going to know more
than the AI.
So maybe maybe China would create a
bunch of sad smart people who could only
see that the world is going to fall
apart and then there they wouldn't even
be able to get a job because the AGI
would be doing the job and they would be
like, "Huh, could you at least have
given me some jeans so I'd be good at
welding because that's still
useful." Anyway,
um here's another story that's like a
million other stories.
Caltech has renamed its top diversity uh
official while keeping the DEI office
intact. The Washington Free Beacon is
reporting on this. So uh instead of
getting rid of the DEI, which the
federal government has required in order
for them to get any federal funding, uh
they promoted that of DEI to associate
vice president for campus climate
engagement and success.
which is just the DI DEI person. Now, if
they were the only one doing that, you'd
say to yourself, "Huh, maybe something
should be done about this one college
that's doing it." But I feel like it
might be almost all of
them. I feel like eight out of 10 are
just going to hide it and keep doing it.
And that's incredible. I mean, at this
point, it's hard to imagine sending a
child to a college because why would why
would a white person send somebody to a
college that's going to overtly
discriminate them against them for their
race or their
gender? There's got to be a better way.
Uh, I want I want homeschooling and
robots. I want to be taught by a robot.
Well, Trump has signed an executive
order to revive US coal industry. So, I
guess he's going to tell the Interior
and Energy Department to remove any uh
impediments so they can have more coal
plants. Um, and to be fair, Trump did
campaign on unleashing American energy.
So, you know, he always says that uh
Trump says that we're going to use that
clean coal, you know, that beautiful
clean coal. So, I went to Grock to find
out just how dangerous is a modern coal
plant. And the answer is super
dangerous. Now, Grock is also still
worried about climate change. So, it
worries about CO2. But even without the
CO2, if you're just looking at the
pollution to the air and water and soil,
it's it's pretty it's pretty sincere. Um
sincere. No, it's pretty
substantial. So, this is not like a
small change in the health of people who
are living in that area. If you lived
anywhere near a coal plant, and you
know, if you did, you probably need to
get out of there because it just sounds
terrible. The soil, the air, the water.
And then I looked, then I asked Grock,
uh, if that's a regular coal plant, what
about clean
coal? And apparently this clean coal is
overrated, meaning that they can't
really get it that clean, um, without
excessive expense.
So the the big point of having a coal
plant
uh would be that you know it's
inexpensive and you can get it up and
running pretty quickly in this case. But
uh no, the clean coal is still plenty
dangerous. Is everybody okay with that?
Do you think that's the right tradeoff
to um sacrifice the uh environment to a
fairly substantial amount because energy
is a requirement for survival of the
country? Uh I don't know. It's a tough
one. I I guess I'm I'm
cautiously I guess I'm going to be an
observer on this one because there's no
way I can say I like it because it's
pretty bad for health. But I can't say I
don't like it because it might also be
vital for the survival of the country.
So these are tough choices. But one
thing I do like is that Trump makes
tough choices.
So, it would be so easy for him to like
kick the can down the road and just say,
"Well, if I approve this plant,
everybody will be mad at me and they
won't see the long-term benefits." But
Trump just says, "Long-term benefits
done." I do like that. I do like that,
but this one's a tough
one. Also, Trump approved a uh one
allegedly he's going to approve a $1
trillion military budget. $1 trillion. I
think that's like 150 billion more than
normal. Now, here's the other thing I
worried about.
I was worried that uh Doge would be
working hard to reduce
expenses and that the government in this
case would be Trump would say, "Oh, all
those expenses you reduced, I'm going to
use that for extra
expenses." And it looks like maybe some
of that's happening. So, what does Elon
Musk think about the fact that the
defense budget is going up? At the same
time, he's literally risking his life to
decrease
expenses. I would love to know what that
conversation sounds like behind closed
doors cuz I can't believe that the
military doesn't have 150 billion that
they could have reduced from the budget
to give them room for the extra stuff
they do want to do. I just have a I mean
how many tanks do we need for
example? So the Supreme Court ruled uh
54 in favor of Trump being able to use
that that alien enemies act to get rid
of the gang
members. Is that true? Fake news. Fake
news. So most of the news about this is
fake news. I'll tell you why. Um, so
remember, uh, Trump tried to use this
very old act, the Alien Enemies Act, and
he said that the trend lagua, the
Venezuelan gangs, whatever they are, uh,
that they were terrorist, domestic
enemies, and so he could use that act to
deport them. Um, and then uh, Judge
Biasberg, I I changed his name. It's
actually Boseberg, but I'm going to call
him Biasberg for all the obvious
reasons. So, Judge Biasberg, you would
be a DC judge, ruled that the even
though the people were held in Texas and
deported from Texas, he ruled that he as
a DC judge could block it. But then the
Supreme Court overruled Biasberg and
said this is not your domain. This is a
uh a Texas question. So they would need
a Texas judge to even determine if they
could do it or not. So the fake news is
that the Supreme Court ruled in favor of
Trump. What did happen is that something
that wasn't bad for Trump happened, but
it wasn't ruling in favor of him. It was
simply saying that the process that got
us to that point was not an appropriate
process. Now, this seems like a big step
forward because it means the Supreme
Court is saying um the the DC judge has
to stay in his lane.
Now, I don't know how extendable that is
or whether that will be more generalized
to the rest of the country, but that
problem of being able to shop for a
judge and then getting one that will
stop something anywhere in the country,
no matter where the judge is, that's got
to stop. So maybe this is the first
indication that the Supreme Court is
going to be serious about
that. Now, what was the story I heard
about Biasberg?
um he was on
vacation and he ended up volunteering
for or he got assigned this case. But uh
is this the same case or was there a
second case? But there's a story where
he wasn't the emergency judge and I
guess the emergency judges are just
picked sort of automatically. Who
whoever is the whoever is the emergency
judge at the time just gets the case.
But somehow Judge
Biasberg figured out how to get the case
to himself which is not the normal
process. So he got the case and not the
normal
process and then he made a judgment that
the Supreme Court said wasn't even good
judging. So that's a lot to explain,
isn't it? Judge
Biasberg. We'll see how that goes. Uh
well, according to the New York Post, uh
Apple is trying to figure out how to
make the iPhone affordable with all
these tariffs. So, one of the things
they do plan to do is is to assemble
more of them in India, but the parts are
still made in
China. So, so the parts even if they're
assembled in India, now apparently that
would allow them to say it's made in
India and then there wouldn't be a there
wouldn't be a tariff or or it would be
whatever tariffs are appropriate to
India, not not the ones on China. And
that's weird because all the parts are
made in
China.
So, but that wouldn't take care of all
the problems. It might help a little
bit. And the cost of an iPhone could
balloon to more than
$2,000. Does that sound true? Cost of an
iPhone could go to $2,000. Some say if
um according to a group called Wedbush,
a research firm, um that the phone could
cost as much as
$3500 if we made them in the US.
So, do you think that's true? I I think
I've seen some smart people say, "Well,
you know, we're not going to have uh
we're not going to have people, you
know, with little screwdrivers putting
tiny screws into phones. We would use
robots, so we we would be able to make
them cheaply with our smart
robots." Well, I don't know about that.
Um but I do know that uh
um Apple's CEO was recently
explaining that China hasn't been the
low uh the low labor place for a long
time. What they are is a high skill
place. So the skill they need is to be
able to um create these advanced tools
that make stuff like phones. And so the
uh the real thing that China has an
advantage in is that they've trained
just huge vast number of people to be
able to build a factory, build a special
tool that will help manufacture in that
factory and then make it all work
together. It's a very special specialty,
a special
specialty and uh we don't really have
much of any of that in the United
States. So, I'd love to see something
from the Trump administration that
addressed that directly, as in if you
want to go to college to be one of these
um manufacturing tool making experts, uh
we'll pay for it. Just imagine that. If
you want to go to college for that very
special specialty which the United
States desperately needs to bring
manufacturing back to this country and
implement robots and all that that the
government will just pay for the whole
thing
because I can't think of anything that
would be a more
direct smart
investment because if we don't have that
kind of expertise to build
manufacturing we don't have anything.
We're not going to bring any
manufacturing back to this country
unless we hire the Chinese to build it
for us.
So, that would be one case where I'd
just say, "All right, federal
government's just going to pay your pay
your entire uh the entire cost of
college." That would get some action,
wouldn't it? Seems like that'd be a fun
job, by the way, designing designing
tools for factories.
Well, here's something that sounds
sketchy, but maybe it isn't. According
to uh user Publus, I saw this on X. Um
the Department of Justice filed a sealed
motion in that case about that Ryan
Ruth. He was the attempted assassin at
the Trump International Golf Club. And
but what's weird about it is that it's a
sealed motion that is that's marked uh
exparte in camera and under seal. So,
it's so secret that even Ruth's lawyer
can't see all of it. So, you might say
to yourself, um, what's up with that
that it has to be so secret that even
the defendant's lawyers can't know
what's happening? And the answer,
according to the smartest person I know,
is uh that it might involve Trump's
security. So there might be some things
that uh can't become public because it
would give away, you know, this the
Secret Service method or or something
about Trump. So it doesn't mean that the
secret they're covering up is about
Ruth, the attempted assassin. It could
be just something generically government
important, but we'll see.
All right, let's check in with the
Democrats who have been trying
desperately to come up with a coherent
uh message and an attack against the uh
Republicans. So, here's what Chuck
Schumer did, and I I think this is
probably a good list of what the
Democrats think is their tightest, most
effective message, and they might be
right. So, you had a post on X. This is
Chuck Schumer and he's just listing the
bad things about the Republicans and he
says Trump has unleashed chaos in
America. Now remember I told you that
whenever you see the word
chaos, that's a propaganda brainwashing
word because it's so generic, it's like
dark. Do you remember dark? uh back in
Hillary's campaign when I said no
whoever came up with that labeling
everything that that Trump does as dark
is some kind of persuasion expert. Now I
don't know if the chaos came from a
persuasion expert. I'd love to see how
it tests but chaos is the last thing
that seniors want to hear. Seniors do
not want to hear there's chaos. Young
people not so concerned. Um, which might
explain why there's so many old people
at the protests because they don't like
chaos even though they're creating it.
Uh, whereas young Americans are moving
toward Trump because chaos would not
scare a young person, but it would
definitely scare somebody nearing
retirement because the last thing they
need is some
chaos. All right, so he starts with
chaos, which is probably a professional
word. Um, I don't know for sure. I I was
sure when I heard them Hillary used
dark, I was sure that was a professional
and that checked out later. Um, but this
one could be their own invention, but
they're they're sticking to it so
slavishly. Just say chaos every time
they open their mouth now that it makes
me think it's um first of all organized.
I don't think it's accidental that
they're all using it. But secondly,
probably it's been tested and it must
test well at least for older older
voters. And then uh Schumer goes on, he
goes talking about Trump, his tariffs
hit families with the largest tax hike
in more than 50 years. Now, of course,
you can say that if you're leaving out
all the nuance, the nuance would be we
don't know how it's going to shake out.
There might be some things that are
cheaper, might be some things more
expensive. It could be that if you just
adjust your spending to buy more
American products, your costs go down.
If if you said, "Well, I won't buy this
foreign car. I'll buy a Ford." And then
you look at Ford is offering these
employee level discounts to people,
which sounds like a pretty good deal.
Um, your cost would go down.
That's why he's calling your tax hike.
Um, we also don't know where it all
ends. Um, so if you don't know where it
ends, it's hard to say that it's a tax
hike. And he also leaves out the fact
that the families, you know, the the
average middle class families are the
intended
benefactors. They're the ones who should
come out the best in the long run. is
literally being done for them because I
don't think the rich people who own the
factories in China are exactly very
happy right now. But the people who just
rely on, you know, jobs and
manufacturing jobs, they should be the
direct
beneficiaries, but it might take a few
years. And that's uh that's a uh nuance
that that Democrats can just leave out
and call it a tax hike. So
unfortunately that's a good
persuasion. It's not
accurate but it's not inaccurate in the
short run. So persuasion wise
unfortunately it
works. And then they say this is as far
as I know this is a complete lie that
Doge is sabotaging social security,
Medicare and Medicaid. Now, I think what
they what he did, Shurmer
uh Schumer, I think what he did was he
wanted to avoid the most debunkable lie,
which would be that um that Trump wants
to cut those things because he doesn't.
He's been very clear 100% of the time.
Doge and Trump and Musk have all said
the same thing. Nobody's ever deviated
once. They do not want to cut the
benefits. they will not cut the
benefits. But since that's been one of
the main uh attack lines and it seems to
work, Schumer is looking for something
that's not exactly
that, but you could kind of hear it that
way. So instead of saying that he's
going to cut your benefits, which would
be debunked, he says that Doge is
sabotaging them. What does sabotaging
them mean? Now, he's probably making an
argument that if you change the systems,
the the systems might have some hiccups
during the changeover, but anybody with
an ounce of common sense would know that
eventually every kind of computer system
for every kind of everything has to be
upgraded and it's been probably, you
know, decades overdue for some of these
systems. So, this is a clever little uh
clever little lie that Doge is
sabotaging those things. Now, do you
think that Doge is intentionally
sabotaging them? Because sabotage is
something you do intentionally. He's not
saying that Doge is wrecking them
because that would suggest it would
maybe happen accidentally. He's saying
that they're sabotaging them. Now,
here's the other thing that the
Democrats do, and I'm not going to say
that Republicans don't do it, but for
some reason, I notice it more when
Democrats do it. They do this weird mind
readading thing where where they'll just
look at somebody who's a Republican, and
the Republican will just be doing normal
things like in this case trying to
reduce costs and improve the efficiency
of three vital uh
systems. And instead of saying well we
observe that they say and they're acting
on uh preserving these systems and
making them
stronger. So instead of that which would
be
observable, they come up with their
secret thoughts are that they really
want to sabotage it to uh for what? Why
would they want to sabotage it? And what
would be like how can they imagine that
would work out for
them? Who believes that if you sabotage
these vital systems, Social Security,
Medicare, and Medicaid, who thinks that
would be a good idea? Do you think
there's even one person at Doge who
thinks, you know what, u I think I'll
just sabotage these things. It's batshit
crazy, but it's something that Democrats
are always poised to believe because
they they somehow believe that their
leaders can read the minds of
Republicans. And what they and what they
see when they pretend to read the minds
is just crazy stuff. Stuff that
literally nobody would be thinking ever,
like even once. And and still the
Democrats will be like, "Uhhuh. Uhhuh. I
think you have accurately read that mind
and now I see it
too." And then Schumer says, "Uh, the
market is having its worst three days
since co."
Well, maybe not
because do do any of you remember my
prediction about where the market was
heading? Now, I'm no market expert, but
from the point point of view of
persuasion. Um, I think I told you on
the podcast that I was guessing that
around a 20% pullback is where people
would say, "Huh, that feels like
enough." And there wouldn't be any logic
to it. It would just be that 20% feels
like feels like the right number. And
sometimes there's no explaining it. It
it's just when I thought about it myself
and I just was sitting in a room by
myself, I thought, you know what, I
wouldn't be surprised if the market goes
down
20%. But I would be surprised if it went
down
50%. So there's just something about
some numbers that are sticky. and 20%
when it comes to the stock market
because it's it's often it's it's a
number that people refer to a lot you
know that's a 20% is a uh
recession 20% is something but we hear
20% a lot so I thought we human brains
have a snap to grid
quality that as soon as our mind gets
close to something that it's that it's
used to it snaps to
So if 20% is something that people often
think about when they think about
markets pulling back that when it got
close to 20% if there wasn't something
beyond the uncertainty and I'll talk
about that next that you would just snap
the grid and you'd say 20%. Huh that's
far enough. So today there's some
buying. The excuse is that uh it looks
like there's progress on negotiating
tariffs. I don't think there is. I don't
think there's any progress. But uh if
people want to see it that way,
good. So it looks like that's maybe
tightening up tomorrow. Everything can
be different, right? So that what
whatever's happening today does not does
not predict tomorrow. And I'm not giving
you any financial advice. I'm just
observing.
Um,
so I was reading on
Mario Noel's uh feed, which is
excellent. You should follow you should
follow Mario on X. Um, Tesla's
introducing cabin radar for some of
their models, the Cybertruck and Model
Y. So, the cabin radar will be able to
tell who's in what seat, not the
personality, but it'll know if a child
or an adult is in what seat. And then it
will be able to detect health problems
and uh do dynamic airbag deployment
based on the size of the passenger and
maybe the age. there would be an assumed
age I think with the size and
uh a number of benefits such as you
would know if somebody left a child in a
hot car for example. So that's amazing.
So this would be another case where Elon
Musk and his company are trying hard to
protect the health and and well-being of
American citizens. So, what do you think
would be the outcome of Elon Musk
spending his full time trying to save
humanity by making us
interplanetary, trying to bring
communications to everywhere in the
planet through Skylink? Um, trying to
cure people with blindness and uh, you
know, serious disabilities through
Neurolink. And then making Tesla, which
if you believe in climate change would
be a huge step forward. And uh even if
you didn't, they're excellent cars,
which will be safer than other cars
because the self-driving will be way way
safer than human driving. I think it
already is. And then he's uh he's he's
going even further with his cabin radar
to make it safer in a whole new way that
other cars I haven't even thought of.
So, and that he's also working on Doge
to save America because the biggest
existential threat to America is the
debt and only he would be brave enough
to take that on. So, how do you think he
would be rewarded for this non-stop high
energy continuous
pro-human
pro-American
pro-survival point of view? Well, you
would not be surprised. According to the
New York Post, uh there's a Democrat
murder
culture. So, they did a survey and asked
uh who's up for murder if the people are
Trump or Musk. And uh 38% of respondents
said it would be at least quote somewhat
justified to murder Trump. And 31% said
the same about Musk.
Murder. And if you're looking at only
the left-leaning respondents,
um the number thinking that murder might
be justified of Trump is
55% and Musk is 48%.
So the I would argue that Musk is the
one American who by
far by far is doing the most for the
economic and uh future of humanity and
America in particular. And what did the
left do? Because that would take their
power away. They they brainwashed their
uh people to think that murdering him is
the right uh the right response. Murder.
And you could all see this coming. I
mean, it's been happening since the
January 6 trials that they as soon as
they started getting away with Hitler,
Hitler, Hiller, and I blame the media,
by the way. Imagine imagine you're a
host on CNN and you let one of your
hosts say that um Trump or Musk were
Hitler. You you created a murder
culture. If you didn't shut that
down, you are absolutely guilty of
aiding abetting what will look like
probably murder
attempts.
Murder. So that's where we've gotten to.
The Democrats have so little to offer in
terms of policy and ideas that they've
literally turned to murder.
Murder as a strategy that they're not
ruling out
murder. Now, I blame the media 100%. And
MSNBC most of all because if you
demonize people as their intention is to
steal your money so billionaires can get
tax breaks, which is
absurd and everybody is Hitler. What the
hell do you think is going to happen?
Eventually, it's going to look like
murder is a good idea. Now there is some
thinking and the article pointed out
that the whole uh murder of the healthc
care executive by that Luigi guy where
it turned into surprisingly a lot of
young people especially thought that
murdering a CEO of a healthcare company
was completely
justified and didn't weren't you shocked
by that I was but I thought somehow it
was maybe a special case where there was
something about healthcare in particular
particular that people were always mad
about, you know, they weren't getting
the healthcare they needed or something.
But apparently it's an extendable thing.
And when you look at like Norm Eisen
trying to put Trump in jail to keep him
from running to put him in jail so that
he wouldn't run for
office, there's a level of violence and
implied violence from the left that I've
never seen in my life. I've never seen
anything like this. And it it's not even
safe to walk outside with a you know
Trump sporting hat. You would literally
be physically
attacked. And I think it's now gone
beyond just the crazies.
I think we've reached the point where
the the normal Democrats are like,
"Well, you know, I'm usually opposed to
murder, but if you've got a good
argument like somebody's creating chaos
and they intend to steal your social
security money and use it for tax breaks
for oligarchs, well, yeah, I mean, in
that case, I guess a little bit of
murder would make some sense." And it's
all made up. It's completely made up.
and they've turned half of the country
in favor of
murder. Unbelievable. I mean, I don't I
don't even know how to say enough about
this topic. It's the worst thing I've
ever seen in terms of persuasion. Um, so
I don't know how we get out of this, but
uh the the Democrats who are pro-
murder, I feel like maybe the
Republicans need to make a make a point
of this that only one side is pro
murder. Um, but maybe they're proud of
it. Maybe they would say, "Well, this
we're pro murder against
Hitler." Yeah. Anyway, unbelievable. But
that's the power of brainwashing. If
you're wondering how powerful
brainwashing
is, half of the country, well, half of
one side, half of one side has been
convinced that murder is acceptable in a
political
context. That's how powerful persuasion
is. If you ever wondered like what's the
limit of it, what's the most you could
do, there it is. I mean, the the whole
trans
situation should have been a tip off
that persuasion can get people to almost
any opinion, but this one really seals
it, I
think. Anyway, I saw a uh post on X by a
small electronics business owner in
America who was explaining why it's so
hard to sell into the European Union.
And this is stuff I didn't know before.
Um, you know how Trump has said that uh
tariffs alone are not the problem
because other countries put up all kinds
of other barriers and you've heard about
uh uh I guess American agricultural
products such as
meat. So the problem is that we can't
sell our uh beef I think it is to Europe
because it's got some chemicals that
they don't allow in Europe. Now, some
people say, "But Scott, they're just
being wise and healthy, and that's why
European food is better than ours
because they don't allow all these
chemicals in." But then you go to the
next level and somebody says, "Well,
it's because they don't allow chemicals
that haven't been tested." But I guess
in America, you can shoot your beef full
of chemicals that haven't been tested as
long as there's no indication it would
be a problem.
I don't know how you know that, but I
wonder if there's some solution where we
actually do test our beef to find out if
it's a problem with that chemical in it.
It couldn't be impossible to do that
test, right? So, maybe there's some way
to get a valid test that says um this
won't hurt you or to find out if it does
hurt you because if it does, I don't
want to be eating, you know, that beef.
Not that I'm eating a lot of beef, but
um I don't want you eating that beef if
it's dangerous.
So, the the truth is always a little
complicated. But here's what uh I found
out. Did you know that it's much cheaper
to ship goods into the United States
than it is to ship them from the United
States into the European Union? And you
might say to me, uh, that doesn't make
sense. It's the same shipping companies
with the same goods. Why? Why would it
be twice as much to ship into the
European Union? But apparently they um
they've got landing fees which we don't
have uh and green taxes which we don't
have. And uh somehow the price of
aircraft fuel is imposed on shipping
carriers. I think maybe even if they
don't use aircraft.
So in Europe, they just come up with a
bunch of reasons why your shipping cost
will be twice as much as the shipping
cost in the other direction. So those
are the things you have to watch out
for. Um and those are the things that
are perfectly
um those are things you want to
negotiate. So, when you talk about
tariffs, remember you're talking about
all these weird little things like green
taxes and landing fees and and duties
and um and uh prohibitions against
chemicals. And it's a whole mess, but a
lot of it is just designed to keep our
products out of their markets. And Trump
is smart enough to know
that. Uh I gave you some fake news
yesterday in real time. People were
telling me in the comments that there
was a 90-day pause on tariffs. That was
never real. That was just fake news. So,
there was never a a serious thought of a
90-day pause. Uh Bill Aman had been
asking for it, but the administration
had never taken that seriously, I
guess. Well, here's a uh communication
problem that I think the Trump team
needs to solve. Um, I saw Bray Hume and
some other people saying the following
that they're trying they're having
trouble
understanding what's the point of the
tariffs because there's more than one
thing it could be
doing. One thing it is it could be
raising raising
revenue. So Trump always says I'm going
to raise revenue with all these tariffs.
But at the same
time they're saying they want to
negotiate the tariffs away. So, how do
you use the tariffs to raise money at
the same time you're negotiating for no
tariffs? It feels like that's a
conflict. Now, when uh when Trump was
asked about this in his meeting with I
think he was in the White House with
Netanyahu and somebody asked him that
question, um he said it could be both.
uh which does make sense but I don't
know if he can get the dollar amounts
from his uh his tariff revenue but it
could be both in the sense that if you
look at every country
individually there may be some countries
that are not going to change their I
don't know landing fees or duties or you
know green penalty or whatever and if
they don't the easiest thing for America
to do would be to put a tariff on them
so that so that the cost of their stuff
and the cost of our stuff is the same.
So we don't have to necessarily
negotiate away all the little things
that keep us out of their market. We
could just say, "Oh, you're going to put
six little things on us. We'll give you
one big tariff." So it does make sense
that you would get rid of tariffs
everywhere that you're doing it fairly
where there's nothing that's like a fake
tariff, you know, like the landing fees
and the other stuff. So, as long as the
country you're dealing with is an ally
who wants to treat you right and be
treated right, then getting rid of uh
tariffs makes sense. But there'll
probably be, you know, a fair number of
companies or countries and maybe China
will be one in which there's just no
other way to do it. you're just going to
have to keep the tariff there because
they're not going to change their
internal rules to let's say accept
American beef or you know lower their
transportation costs or any of that
stuff. So I I do accept that it could do
both but it's a good question you know
is he communicating that right? Um need
they need to communicate that better.
And then there's this third
thing that Trump says it's about uh
closing the trade deficit. Now I saw
that Israel uh through Netanyahu said
that they plan to close the trade
deficit and to do it very quickly. Now
the only way you could do that is that
they could sell fewer things to the
United States or they could buy more
things. Now, I'm guessing that they
couldn't have a gigantic trade
deficit because we manufacture a lot. I
think they buy a lot of our weapons,
etc. So, it seems like they probably
didn't have far to go and it was just
sort of smart for them to, you know, to
play nice with the United States because
there might be some military action
coming up that they need to coordinate
with, if you know what I
mean. Anyway, so that's what I
understand about the tariffs. There's at
least three things he's trying to do.
Tariff revenue, negotiate tariffs away,
or to close the trade deficit, and that
might require some some
tariffs. According to Scott Bent,
um there are now 70 countries or so that
have asked to negotiate and that might
be why the market is tightening up and
responding because it feels like there's
a a little bit more certainty going on.
Maybe it might be something else. But uh
let's run through a couple of the other
countries. Let's see. There's a there's
some news that Vietnam
uh their currency which is called the
Dong D O N G. Uh according to Zero Edge,
the Vietnamese Dong is
weakened. I'll tell you, I'm a
professional humorist, so I feel like I
shouldn't touch this one. I I shouldn't
touch the dong, but I just have to. I
just have to. So, no, you don't want a
weak dong. So, Vietnam, you're going to
have to do something about that. Um, the
European Union says they're ready to
negotiate for a
zero tariff deal. So, no tariffs either
way.
Um, now again that's probably a trick
because they do more than tariffs to
keep our products out. So we would have
to negotiate the end of tariffs but
probably the end of other stuff as well.
And now Mike Bents, I saw him commenting
on X that if they throw in getting rid
of the uh the European Union Digital
Censorship Act, which threatens to close
down X for not censoring the way they
want him to censor, um there's no deal.
And I'm all on board with that. I I just
don't think we should be doing trade
deals with any entity that's trying to
censor free speech in America.
Uh, you know, I I've even gone stronger
in saying we should reconsider being in
NATO if they're attacking our free
speech because that's the, you know, the
the foundation of all of our
freedoms. If if the people that we're
protecting uh militarily are actively
attacking the most basic foundation of
our freedom, we should not be protecting
them militarily at all. But, you know,
there are also practical reasons why we
might want to do that. So, I like this.
I like Mike Benz's um throwing this in
as part of the negotiations. They're
just going to have to get rid of the
digital censorship on US entities or we
just can't do business with you. That
that that's just got to be a bottom
line. We cannot do business with you if
you're trying to take out the foundation
of freedom in America. Absolutely not.
Well, Taiwan has also offered zero
tariffs and more investment in the US.
Braaybar News is reporting on that. Um,
I wonder if we're going to find out that
the countries most dependent on the
United States for military assistance
are also the ones who are fastest to to
say they'll negotiate for no tariffs.
But again, no tariffs doesn't mean you
have a deal. it it's more like the
beginning of negotiation because there's
probably a lot of other considerations
here. But I do like the fact that Taiwan
um is going to invest big in the United
States. So that's good. All right, we
got to talk about China. China's decided
that unlike these other countries, uh
it's going to push back hard and it's
looks like it's going to take it to the
wall. So these are all the things that
uh Chinese said. Uh they said that uh
the Chinese commerce ministry said that
they will never accept the blackmail
nature of the US. Now that's a good
point. You can kind of understand how
Trump can get away with bullying some of
our smaller allies that need us for
survival.
you could understand how he could bully
smaller economies that are just
dependent on trade with the
US. And so maybe his, you know,
threatening and blackmailing and
bullying is exactly right for every
country
except China because China sees itself
as not just a peer but the eventual, you
know, biggest power in the world. So the
last thing that China's going to do is
um just bend to our will. That's just
not going to happen. So, so Trump has
taken a stand against
China that I don't see could possibly
work because if he's creating a
situation where we win and you lose and
it's going to look like that to the
public like uh America just turned China
into its That's never going to
happen. So, I believe that China would
take it all the way as far as it has to
go. you know, right to the point of
financial ruin to avoid doing what Trump
tells them he wants them to do. Even if
they agreed with it, even if they
thought, "Well, these aren't so bad.
That would be fair." They don't think
that. But even if they did, I don't
think there's any chance they would do
what he's trying to force them to do
because it would make them look weak.
And there's no way they're going to put
up with
that. Other countries, they can just
say, "Uh, we're not being weak. we're
just being reasonable and that works for
them. It's not going to work for China.
So, I'll be very interested to see if
what Trump is doing is sort of negging
them. You know, basically going hard at
first, but then, you know, maybe there's
a point where he turns it around and
says, "Hey, instead of being fighting
with each other, why don't we cooperate
more?" or something like that. Now, I
don't know if that can work with China
the way it worked with North Korea
because it's a whole different dynamic,
but I don't really see a way to solve
this. So, here are the things that
China's done. They've of course slapped
right back with more tariffs and then
Trump's going to put more tariffs on
them. So at this point, goods coming out
of China, unless something changes,
would be prohibitive and it would, you
know, make your your iPhone cost a
fortune and, uh, a lot of other stuff
would just cost a fortune. But, uh, so
that's but that's just the first thing
there. China also just announced it's
going to
impose export controls on rare earth
minerals. So, that's of course a threat
to our entire um supply chain. Uh
they're going to ban import of US films
in China. That's like a $500
million year thing. But I kind of
laughed at that cuz my first thinking
was America still makes
movies. Movies are kind of a dead
industry to me. I mean, unless it's a
another superhero movie that always
plays well internationally. But, uh, it
kind of makes sense that China would do
that because they would assume that the
celebrities are anti-Trump and it will
make the the Hollywood people go harder
at Trump and they're fairly effective
because they can get a lot of attention.
So, that's a smart counter from China to
try to get Hollywood on its side the
hard way. Um, they're putting a tariff
on US agricultural products. They're
banning our poultry and they're going to
suspend fentinel related
issues.
Well, I'm not sure they ever did enough
for fentinel, but that's pretty directly
fu fentinyl related
issues. That's that's dark. Um, so
that's that's how far uh China is
willing to go. They're they're also
talking about China investigating the
intellectual property benefits of US
companies in China. I don't know what
that means, but that's not good for the
US companies operating in China. So,
looks like they're going to get in their
pockets even more than they have. Um,
now Scott Bent, Treasury Secretary, says
that China's escalation was a big
mistake and the country the country is
playing with a losing hand. All right.
So, here's what I haven't seen.
What I haven't seen is anybody smart
doing the sidebyside comparison of what
our leverages over China compared to
what their leverage is over us just in
trade. Um why haven't we seen that? Now
maybe somebody's done it. If you've seen
it, could you forward it to me on X? I'd
like to see it because I don't really
have a a good sense of who has the
superior negotiating position. To me, it
looks like mutually assured
destruction as in we sort of kind of
need each other at the at the moment,
but it's possible that China doesn't
need us much at all because they can
they can switch a lot of their
consumption into domestic. They don't
have to sell everything overseas.
So, um I don't really have a sense of
who's got the upper hand. Uh I will say
that if nothing
changes, it doesn't look good.
And when I say nothing changes, I mean
if Trump doesn't come up with a reframe
to make this not a win-lose situation
where we're going to win and China's
going to lose, it just can't be a
win-lose. Because if you put it in that
frame, you're both going to lose. China
would rather we both lose than America
wins and China loses. That's what it
looks like to me.
So Trump's going to have to come up with
some kind of a wider deal or somehow
include something that China wants that
doesn't matter that much to us. I don't
know that he has a a winning plan on
that. Anyway,
um yesterday I caused a stir by saying
online that uh our stock market uh
always comes
back and I asked Grock and it said 20
out of the last 20 times it went down by
20%. It came back but to be fair it
didn't come back quickly every time.
Sometimes it took 5 to 10 years,
sometimes longer, and sometimes a little
faster. So, here's what you need to know
about stock markets and coming
back. It depends what the reason was. If
the reason was something like an oil
shock where we thought we were running
out of oil and we didn't know where to
get more, that might take a while
because you're going to have to figure
out how to get more energy and nobody
knows how. So that's like a real like a
physical problem. Not enough energy. But
if your problem is like our current
problem where we're dealing with
uncertainty, uncertainty is the one
thing that has the greatest potential.
You can't predict it for sure. But in
terms of potential, uncertainty is the
one thing that's the fastest to reverse.
You just have to add certainty.
Now, I I act like that's easy, but if
you're talking about negotiating tariffs
and you hear those 70 countries just
said, "All right, let's talk." The
market probably said, "Okay, that's
definitely moving in the right
direction." So now there's at least some
clarity that the other countries and
lots of them are are willing to make a
deal that might even make us better off.
Um, but China is still the wild
card. We're going to have to get that
right. Now, it's possible that Trump's
long play, but he doesn't want to say
it, is to get the US and China just
disconnected so that we're not depending
on them. Now, and it could be that the
one and only way to do that is to create
such a bad situation
um and just force it to happen. And you
know, maybe we pay way too much for
iPhones for five years. And maybe we
have to open up dirty, you know, rare
earth mineral mines in the US and it's a
health hazard. And maybe we have to
train a bunch of people to build tools
and build manufacturing plants in the
United States and takes years.
But there's a decent
argument that we're going to have to cut
the cord with China eventually because
they're too big of a rival and we can't
have them have power over us.
So I don't think that Trump would say
that even if that was the actual
goal as in we're going to take some real
expensive hits but we have to to get to
the other side of this. So anyway, so
stocks uh seem to be in the positive
today because I guess people think
they're getting more clarity on
things. Um so I was watching MSNBC
today, which I do for entertainment as
most of you do. Um, not not because it's
news or anything like that, but man, the
whole mind readading thing,
um, where the guests say they can see
these weird motivations in Musk and
Trump, once you see it, you can't unsee
it. That they just have this this view
that they can actually read the minds of
other
people. I I would love to know if
Republicans do the same thing.
Um, I think they probably do, but I
don't know why I don't notice it as
much. So, anyway,
um, apparently, according to Zero Hedge
and some other reports,
uh, the,
uh, the landscapers just got busy in my
backyard, so you might hear some noise
in the background. Um, so Trump says
that the US is in direct nuclear talks
with Iran.
Now, that would be a surprise because
Iran and and up until really recently
was saying, "No, no direct talks, but
we'll run through Oman or something."
But Trump is saying that we've been in
very high level direct
talks.
And when asked if there would be
military action if if they don't come up
with a Iran nuclear deal, Trump said
this.
Um he said that he wants to avoid doing
the
obvious. So he'd rather have a nuclear
deal to avoid doing the obvious. Now
here is
another somewhat brilliant persuasion
choice of
words. Here's what you if you said um we
might have to bomb
you, then they would think maybe yes,
maybe no. They don't want to bomb us.
But if you say it matterof factly, like
doing the
obvious, doing the obvious sounds like
the decisions already made, doing the
obvious sounds like you'd be crazy not
to do it because it's the obvious.
Obviously, you're not going to let him
have a nuclear weapon. So obviously that
we'd bomb you. So, there's something
about the phrase doing the obvious that
is a little extra
persuasive because it suggests a mindset
where the decisions already been made to
bomb. And for negotiation purposes,
that's exactly where you want to be. And
by the way, that might be true. The the
thing with
Trump, I I don't know that he bluffs. It
might be entirely true that it's just
obvious it's going to happen. Now, I
don't know if that means that the US
would directly attack or they'd simply
supply some extra weapons in case uh
Israel wants to
attack. So, we don't know what that
looks like, but um I'm still dubious
about Iran being serious negotiating. I
feel like they're still stalling, but
maybe not. I mean, the sanctions are
pretty brutal, so maybe Iran just says
we we can't do this forever. Maybe
they'll just make a deal until Trump's
out of office and then just go back to
what they were doing. So, I don't trust
Iran to make a real
deal. But it's kind of
interesting. According to NBC News,
Trump administration is considering
drone strikes on drug cartels in Mexico.
Now, I don't know if that's real, but I
don't care because it's exactly the
right thing to make the cartels think
about. Don't you want the cartels to
think, you know, I could stay in this
fentinel business, but I'm gonna get
droned or I could take the money I've
already made and maybe open a
farm. You know, it it's good persuasion
to say, "Yeah, we're considering taking
you out from the air without you ever
knowing it's going to happen." That's a
really scary prospect. If you were if
you were a cartel member and you were
running a lab, you know, some big lab to
make fentinel and you knew that the
drones knew where you were and you knew
that they had been authorized to take
you
out, how would you ever sleep at night?
I mean, that would be really disruptive
to business. So, so even if we're not
planning to do it, having it out there
makes
sense. Here is a uh little invention
that might save some people from really
bad situations. University of British
Columbia, they've invented a drink
uh little stick for your drink that
detects spiking. So, the little uh
swizzle stick for stirring your drink.
Uh they've made it so it somehow can
detect GHB and ketamine.
So, it's not for sale
yet, but I'd be worried that there's
some kind of chemical properties to that
stick, and if I stuck it in my drink,
I'd be getting some chemicals I didn't
want. Anyway, but uh that's kind of cool
if it works. In other news, uh
Anderil, uh that's the American defense
company that does more futuristic kind
of stuff. They've unveiled an AI powered
seabed sentry for submarine detection
according to nextgen defense.
So apparently, as you know, it's very
difficult, nearly impossible to detect a
submarine. And that has always given me
great comfort because I thought, well,
if uh Russia and China can't detect our
nuclear submarines, they're not going to
mess with us because it's only going to
take one nuclear submarine to ruin their
whole day. So, I've always been happy
that they were undetectable. Now, this
is a US company that would be helping us
detect, you know, other people's
submarines. But if it's possible for us
to do it, it seems like it it can't be
that long before China and Russia have a
similar technology and they can detect
our subs. So, that's really
destabilizing in my opinion. So, a as uh
smart people have said, it's all going
to be about drone warfare in the future.
And maybe even submarines will become
less of a uh weapon, a preferred weapon
because if they're
detectable, that's the end of
submarines. I think the the
anti-ubmarine drones would just take
them out. Anyway, so that's coming. All
right, ladies and gentlemen, that's all
I had for you today. Hey, I'm going to
talk to the local subscribers
privately. Um, and we'll keep an eye on
the stock market, see uh if Trump can
pull a rabbit out of the hat and get
something going with China. I don't see
it, but you know, maybe. I'll be
optimistic and say maybe. All right. Can
you hear all that noise behind me? It's
like a There's a chainsaw running like
right below my window. I think it's a
chainsaw. Anyway, uh all right, locals,
I'm coming at you in 30 seconds
privately. The rest of you, I will see
you tomorrow. Same time, same place.